Important Notice for Beats Pill XL Customers

Voluntary Recall of All Beats Pill XL Speakers
CUPERTINO, CaliforniaJune 3, 2015Apple today announced a voluntary recall of Beats Pill XL speakers, including a refund for customers. Apple has determined that, in rare cases, the battery in the Beats Pill XL may overheat and pose a fire safety risk. The recall does not affect any other Beats or Apple products.

Because customer safety is the companys top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using their Beats Pill XL speakers. Customers who purchased a Beats Pill XL speaker should visit www.apple.com/support/beats-pillxl-recall for details about how to return their product to Apple, and how to receive an Apple Store credit or electronic payment of $325.

The Beats Pill XL can be identified by the Beats b logo on the speaker grille and the words beats pill XL on the handle. The product is sold in five colors: black, metallic sky, pink, titanium and white.

The Beats Pill XL was introduced by Beats by Dre in November 2013. Apple acquired Beats in 2014.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Apple Watch Arrives in Seven More Countries June 26

Sales in Apple Retail Stores to Begin in Two Weeks
CUPERTINO, CaliforniaJune 4, 2015Apple today announced Apple Watch will be available in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan beginning Friday, June 26 from the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers.

The response to Apple Watch has surpassed our expectations in every way, and we are thrilled to bring it to more customers around the world, said Jeff Williams, Apples senior vice president of Operations. Were also making great progress with the backlog of Apple Watch orders, and we thank our customers for their patience. All orders placed through May, with the sole exception of Apple Watch 42 mm Space Black Stainless Steel with Space Black Link Bracelet, will ship to customers within two weeks. At that time, well also begin selling some models in our Apple Retail Stores.

Apple Watch, Apples most personal device yet, is an incredibly accurate timepiece, an intimate and immediate communication device and a groundbreaking health and fitness companion. Highly customizable for personal expression, Apple Watch also brings an entirely new way to receive information at a glance and interact with the world through third-party app experiences designed specifically for the wrist.

Apple Watch introduces revolutionary technologies including the Digital Crown, an innovative way to scroll, zoom and navigate fluidly without obstructing the display. The Retina display with Force Touch on Apple Watch senses the difference between a tap and a press, providing a new way to quickly and easily access relevant controls. The Taptic Engine discreetly delivers a gentle tap on your wrist whenever you receive a notification or message.

The worlds most vibrant and innovative developer community has already created thousands of apps for Apple Watch with new apps for customers to explore and discover every day. Apple Watch wearers can now order a taxi in Spain with MyTaxi, easily navigate the airport with the Genve Aroport app, keep track of a Singapore Airlines flight, explore Italy with AroundMe, stay in touch with friends in South Korea with KakaoTalk, find the nearby YouBike station in Taiwan and access movie tickets with Cinepolis in Mexico. The Apple Watch app that comes with iOS 8.2 or later on iPhone lets you browse, buy and download apps from the App Store for Apple Watch.

Pricing & Availability
Apple Watch will be available on Friday, June 26 in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan from the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), at Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. 10 Corso Como in Milan, BOONTHESHOP Cheongdam in Seoul and Malmaison by The Hour Glass in Singapore will have a curated selection of Apple Watch available at launch. Apple Watch is currently available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the UK and the US.

Apple Watch is available in three collections, Apple Watch Sport, priced at $349 (US) and $399 (US); Apple Watch, available from $549 (US) to $1,099 (US); and Apple Watch Edition, crafted from custom rose or yellow 18-karat gold alloys, with prices starting at $10,000 (US).

Customers who purchase from Apple will be offered Personal Setup, in-store or online, to customize and pair Apple Watch with their iPhone, showing them new apps from the App Store for Apple Watch and more. Customers can explore and choose their favorite Apple Watch in the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com) or through the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad.

Apple Watch requires iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus running iOS 8.2 or later.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Introducing Apple Music  All The Ways You Love Music. All in One Place.

Worldwide Debut June 30
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today unveiled Apple Music, a single, intuitive app that combines the best ways to enjoy music  all in one place. Apple Music is a revolutionary streaming music service, a pioneering worldwide live radio station from Apple broadcasting 24 hours a day and a great new way for music fans to connect with their favorite artists. Apple Music combines the largest and most diverse collection of music on the planet with the expertise of world-class music experts who have programmed playlists for your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, PC, Apple TV and Android phones.* Apple Music will be available starting on June 30 in over 100 countries.

We love music, and the new Apple Music service puts an incredible experience at every fans fingertips, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. All the ways people love enjoying music come together in one app  a revolutionary streaming service, live worldwide radio and an exciting way for fans to connect with artists.

Apple Music is really going to move the needle for fans and artists, said Jimmy Iovine. Online music has become a complicated mess of apps, services and websites. Apple Music brings the best features together for an experience every music lover will appreciate.

Apple Music
Apple Music is a revolutionary streaming service and app that puts the entire Apple Music catalog at your fingertips across your favorite devices. Starting with the music you already know  whether from the iTunes Store or ripped CDs  your music now lives in one place alongside the Apple Music catalog with over 30 million songs. You can stream any song, album or playlist you choose  or better yet, let Apple Music do the work for you.

Curation is the soul of every playlist created on Apple Music. Apple has hired the most talented music experts from around the world, dedicated to creating the perfect playlists based on your preferences, and they become better curators the more you listen. The For You section of Apple Music provides a fresh mix of albums, new releases and playlists, which have been personalized just for you.

In addition to human curation, Siri is also dedicated to helping you enjoy great music and have fun with Apple Music. Ask Siri to, Play me the best songs from 1994, Play the best FKA twigs song, or What was the number one song in February 2011?

Apple Music Radio
Beats 1, Apples first ever live radio station dedicated entirely to music and music culture, will broadcast live to over 100 countries. Beats 1 is a 24-hour listening experience led by influential DJs Zane Lowe in Los Angeles, Ebro Darden in New York and Julie Adenuga in London. Listeners around the globe will hear the same great programming at the same time. Exciting programs on Beats 1 will offer exclusive interviews, guest hosts and the best of whats going on in the world of music.

Apple has also redesigned radio with human curation taking the lead. Apple Music Radio gives you stations created by some of the worlds finest radio DJs. The new stations range in genres from indie rock to classical and folk to funk, with each one expertly curated. With membership, you can skip as many songs as you like, so you can change the tune without changing the dial.

Apple Music Connect
Artists and fans now have an incredible way to connect with one another directly in Apple Music with Connect. Through Connect, artists can share lyrics, backstage photos, videos or even release their latest song directly to fans directly from their iPhone. Fans can comment on or like anything an artist has posted, and share it via Messages, Facebook, Twitter and email. And when you comment, the artist can respond directly to you.

Pricing & Availability
Starting on June 30, music fans around the world are invited to a 3-month free membership, after which a $9.99/month subscription fee will apply. There will also be a family plan providing service for up to six family members available for just $14.99/month.

Requires initial sign up. At the end of the trial period, the membership will automatically renew and payment method will be charged on a monthly basis until auto-renewal is turned off in account settings. Family plan requires iCloud Family Sharing. See www.apple.com/icloud/family-sharing for more information.

*Apple Music is available on your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, and PC starting June 30. Apple Music will be coming to Apple TV and Android phones this fall.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Previews iOS 9

SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today unveiled iOS 9, giving a preview of new iPhone, iPad and iPod touch software that will be available this fall. In this upcoming release, iOS devices become more intelligent and proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features  all without compromising users privacy. New multitasking features designed specifically for iPad allow you to work with two apps simultaneously, side-by-side or with the new Picture-in-Picture feature, to keep watching a video while browsing the web, composing email or using any other app. Built-in apps become more powerful in iOS 9 with detailed transit information in Maps*, a redesigned Notes app with new ways to capture ideas, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.

iOS 9 is packed with more intelligence throughout, and delivers big updates to the apps customers use most  Maps supports public transit, a redesigned Notes app provides great new ways to capture ideas, and a beautiful News app delivers content thats personalized to your interests, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. With our new iPad features, users can take advantage of the power of iPad, working in two apps at the same time with Split View, Slide Over or Picture-in-Picture.

Intelligence
Siri features an all-new design in iOS 9, contextual reminders and new ways to search photos and videos. Proactive assistance presents the most relevant information without compromising users privacy and suggests actions at a particular moment  even before you start typing  automatically suggesting apps to launch or people to contact based on usage patterns, and notifying you when you need to leave for appointments, taking into account traffic conditions. iOS 9 can even learn what you typically listen to in a certain location or at a particular time of day, so when you plug in headphones at the gym or hop in the car before work, it can automatically display playback controls for your preferred app. Typed search queries deliver more relevant results from more categories, including sports scores and schedules, videos and simple math calculations.

New iPad Features
With a simple swipe, the new Slide Over feature lets you simultaneously work in a second app without leaving the first. And with a quick tap, you can access the new Split View feature so you can work in two apps at the same time, side-by-side. Picture-in-Picture lets you continue a FaceTime call or video while using your favorite apps. These new multitasking features are supported by built-in Apple apps, and APIs make it easy for third-party developers to add support into their own apps. Typing is faster and easier with an all-new Shortcut Bar that displays actions tailored for the app you are in, and new Multi-Touch gestures make it even easier to select and edit text.

Built-In Apps
In iOS 9, Maps adds support for metropolitan transit systems and schedules, and subway station entrances and exits are precisely mapped, providing every step of your trip. When you plan your trip, Maps can offer a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, and with the new Nearby feature, quickly see whats around by searching for food, drinks, shopping and more.

New features of the completely redesigned Notes app include the ability to draw a quick sketch using your finger, easily create checklists to keep track of your to-dos, or snap a photo directly in a note. Easily save important items to your notes directly from other apps, and keep them in sync across all your enabled devices with iCloud.

The News app delivers a reading experience that combines the rich, immersive design of a print magazine with the interactivity of digital media. News can learn your interests and suggest relevant content thats easily shareable with friends or saved for later. News delivers the best articles from a variety of publishers and over one million topics to help you personalize your reading experience, all presented in an elegant, uncluttered design. News is powered by the new Apple News Format, a digital publishing format supporting custom typography, galleries, audio, video and interactive animations, allowing publishers like Cond Nast, ESPN and The New York Times to create beautiful editorial layouts for iOS users.

With iOS 9, Apple Pay adds support for Discover, rewards programs from merchants such as Walgreens and Kohls Department Stores, and participating store-issued credit and debit cards. Shoppers will be able to manage their cards in the new Wallet app. Apple Pay will also be available to users in the UK starting next month.

Foundation
iOS 9 makes the foundation of iOS even stronger with refinements including battery optimization that provides a typical user with an additional hour of battery life**, and a low-power mode to help further extend battery life. Software updates require less space to install and an Install Later feature can perform updates to your device when its not in use. Enhanced security features in iOS 9 keep your devices and Apple ID secure by strengthening the passcode that protects your devices and improving two-factor authentication by building it directly into iOS, making it harder for others to gain unauthorized access to your Apple ID.

Developer APIs
iOS 9 APIs and tools for developers include: extensible search that deep links directly to content within third-party apps;
 GameplayKit and Model I/O for building better games and ReplayKit for recording gameplay;
 new HomeKit profiles for motorized windows and shades, motion sensors and home security systems;
 wireless CarPlay and support for auto manufacturers to develop apps within CarPlay; and
 new HealthKit data points for reproductive health, UV exposure, water intake and sedentary state.

Swift 2 brings powerful new features and performance improvements that produce faster apps. The Swift compiler and standard library will be made available as open source later this year, putting the language in the hands of even more developers.

Availability
The iOS 9 beta software and SDK are available immediately for iOS Developer Program members at developer.apple.com, and a public beta program will be available in July at beta.apple.com. iOS 9 will be available this fall as a free software update for iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch 5th generation, iPad 2 and later, iPad mini and later. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

*Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities this fall, including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai.
**Battery life depends on usage and settings.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Announces News App for iPhone & iPad

Delivers News in a Beautiful & Uncluttered Format

SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today unveiled an all-new News app delivering the best news reading experience on any mobile device. Available with iOS 9 this fall for iPhone and iPad, News combines the visually rich layout of a magazine with the immediacy and customization of digital media. News follows over a million topics and pulls relevant stories based on your specific interests that can be easily shared or saved for later  without compromising your privacy. News is powered by the new custom-designed Apple News Format, a digital publishing format that allows publishers to create beautiful layouts.

News seamlessly delivers the articles you want to read in a beautiful and uncluttered format, while respecting your privacy, because Apple doesnt share your personal data, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. We already have nearly 20 publishers representing more than 50 titles joining us, including Cond Nast, ESPN, The New York Times, Hearst, Time Inc., CNN and Bloomberg.

News conveniently collects all the stories you want to read in one place, in a customized newsfeed called For You. Readers can see the publisher channels and topics theyre following in Favorites, and to discover new content, Explore makes great suggestions based on what youve already read. The more you read, the more personalized the News app becomes, refining the selection of stories delivered to your iPhone or iPad.

Apple News Format allows publishers to create stories that look beautiful and take advantage of the full power of iOS. Content can include photos and galleries, audio, video, maps and rich interactions such as parallax and animation. When publishers create their stories for News, content comes alive with custom fonts and intuitive Multi-Touch gestures. Apple News Format automatically customizes the layout for each screen size, so News content looks great on both iPhone and iPad.

Cond Nasts premium content deserves a premium mobile experience and the News app delivers that, said Bob Sauerberg, President of Cond Nast. News offers an environment that combines the rich, immersive design of our photography, artwork and editorial expertise with the interactivity and dynamism of digital media  its stunning.

ESPN fans are incredibly engaged in the way they consume our content, so the more vibrant experience we can offer, the happier theyll be, said John Skipper, President of ESPN Inc. and Co-Chairman of Disney Media Networks. Weve seen incredible success with our ESPN apps on iOS, and News is only going to make a richer, more personal experience for our readers so they can stay up-to-date on the sports news that matters to them.

Publishers interested in signing up can visit www.icloud.com/newspublisher with additional publishing tools available later this year. iOS 9 will be available this fall as a free software update for iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch 5th generation, iPad 2 and later, iPad mini and later. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Announces OS X El Capitan with Refined Experience & Improved Performance

SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today announced OS X El Capitan, a new version of OS X that refines the Mac experience and improves system performance. Building on last years landmark release of OS X Yosemite, El Capitan introduces enhancements to window management, built-in apps and Spotlight search, and makes everyday activities  from launching apps to accessing email  faster and more responsive. Metal, Apples breakthrough graphics technology, is integrated into El Capitan, delivering system-wide performance gains and enabling games and pro apps to tap into the full power of Mac graphics processors.

OS X delivers unparalleled integration between Mac hardware, iOS devices, apps and online services, and has helped Mac sales outpace the PC industry every year for the last decade, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. Customers loved last years landmark OS X Yosemite release and made it the fastest-adopted PC operating system ever. With El Capitan, were further refining the Mac experience with enhancements to window management, Spotlight and built-in apps, and improving performance so everyday activities  from launching apps to accessing email  are faster and more responsive.

Refinements to the Mac Experience
OS X El Capitan refinements begin with the new system font, San Francisco, a modern and easy-to-read typeface that looks stunning on a Retina display. Mission Control, the quickest way to view all open windows, has a cleaner design so you can find the window you need even faster. When your desktop gets crowded, simply drag a window to the top of your screen to access the new Spaces Bar in Mission Control and create a new Space, OS Xs intuitive way to group applications. And, the new Split View feature automatically positions two app windows side-by-side in full screen so you can work with both apps without distraction.

Built-in apps are even more streamlined in El Capitan. Safari now features Pinned Sites to keep your favorite websites open and active in your tab bar and a new mute button to quickly silence browser audio from any tab. Mail introduces Smart Suggestions, which recognizes names or events in a Mail message and prompts you to add them to your contacts or calendar with a single click. You can also now swipe to delete messages, just like in iOS, and juggle multiple emails while Mail is in full screen. In Photos, you can add locations to a single image or an entire Moment, and sort albums by date or title. Additionally, youll be able to download third-party editing extensions from the Mac App Store and access them directly within the Photos app.

With the all-new Notes app in El Capitan you can drag and drop photos, PDFs, videos and other files into notes, and add content directly from other apps, such as Safari or Maps, using the Share menu. Easy-to-create checklists help you keep track of important to-do items, and the new Attachments Browser organizes your attachments in one simple view, making it easy to find what youre looking for. With iCloud, your notes stay in sync across all your enabled devices.

Spotlight gets even smarter in El Capitan, generating results for even more topics, including weather, stocks, sports, transit and web video. You can now resize the Spotlight window to display more results or move it anywhere on your desktop, and use natural language to find documents and files on your Mac based on when they were created or who you sent them to.

Improvements to System Performance
OS X El Capitan improves system performance across your Mac, making many of the things you do everyday faster and more responsive. Metal, Apples groundbreaking graphics technology, accelerates Core Animation and Core Graphics to boost system-level rendering by up to 50 percent,* and efficiency by up to 40 percent,** resulting in faster graphics performance for everyday apps. Metal also takes full advantage of your CPU and GPU, delivering up to 10 times faster draw call performance for a richer, more fluid experience in games and pro apps.*

El Capitan also features enhanced international language support, including a new Chinese system font for both Traditional and Simplified, with 50,000 beautifully designed characters for crisp on-screen readability. Chinese keyboard input methods now offer regularly updated vocabulary lists and a smarter candidate window. El Capitan makes entering Japanese text faster by automatically transforming Hiragana into written Japanese and reducing the need to individually select and confirm word conversions. You can now also select the perfect font for your documents using four new Japanese typefaces.

Availability
The developer preview of OS X El Capitan is available to Mac Developer Program members starting today. Mac users can participate in the El Capitan Beta Program in July and download the final version for free from the Mac App Store this fall. Customers interested in signing up for the public beta can visit www.apple.com/osx/elcapitan-preview/ for more details. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

*Testing conducted by Apple in May 2015 using 2.7 GHz Intel Core i5-based 13-inch MacBook Pro systems with 128GB of flash storage and 8GB of RAM. Tested with prerelease OS X v10.11. Not all features are available on all devices. Performance will vary based on system configuration, application workload and other factors.
**Testing conducted by Apple in May 2015 using 2.2 GHz Intel Core i7-based 15-inch MacBook Pro systems with 256GB of flash storage and 16GB of RAM. Tested with prerelease OS X v10.11. Not all features are available on all devices. Performance will vary based on system configuration, application workload and other factors.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Previews New Apple Watch Software

watchOS 2 Introduces Native Third-Party Apps, New Watch Faces & Enhanced Communications Features
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today previewed watchOS 2, the first major software update for Apple Watch, giving developers the tools to build faster and more powerful apps running natively on Apple Watch. Starting today, developers can take advantage of innovative hardware features of Apple Watch including the Digital Crown, Taptic Engine and heart rate sensor, along with software APIs to build new app experiences. Available to Apple Watch users this fall, watchOS 2 also includes new watch faces, third-party app information as watch face complications and new communication capabilities in Mail, Friends and Digital Touch.

We are thrilled with the feedback were getting from Apple Watch customers, and after just a few weeks of availability were excited for developers to start building native apps for watchOS 2, said Kevin Lynch, Apples vice president of Technology. We think Apple Watch users will love being able to see information from their favorite apps right on the watch face, and enjoy the many new experiences developers will dream up now that they have access to even more innovative features of Apple Watch.

WatchKit for watchOS 2
Developers have already created thousands of apps for Apple Watch, and WatchKit now gives them access to key hardware like the Digital Crown, Taptic Engine, heart rate sensor, accelerometer and microphone. New software APIs enable audio and video playback and animation, and with the ClockKit framework, developers can represent their data as complications on the watch face.

These new tools allow developers to make apps more robust. For example, Strava can more accurately track your heart rate while on a ride or run using data from the heart rate sensor and accelerometer; Insteon can give customers more precise controls to dim their lights or control the temperature with the Digital Crown; Volkswagen owners can get haptic feedback when their car door has been locked; WeChat includes audio messaging using the microphone; and Vine can host and play video right in the app.

New Apple Watch Features
watchOS 2 lets you turn your favorite photo into a new watch face or view pictures from your favorite photo album with every raise of your wrist with the new Photo and Photo Album watch faces. With the Time-Lapse watch face, choose from a selection of time-lapse videos shot over 24 hours in iconic locations including New York City, London or Shanghai.

A new Time Travel feature lets users scroll with the Digital Crown to explore events in the future (and past) including upcoming meetings or activities, the temperature for the week, and information from third-party apps, such as upcoming flight information.

The latest Apple Watch software provides more creative ways to communicate. With Mail, you can respond quickly using dictation, Smart Replies or emoji. You can create multiple Friends screens, each of which can hold up to twelve friends, and new friends can be added directly on Apple Watch. Digital Touch lets you draw and send sketches with multiple colors on the same canvas, giving you more tools for creative sketches.

Additional watchOS 2 features include:  Nightstand Mode that transforms Apple Watch into a bedside alarm clock, with the Digital Crown and side button serving as snooze and off buttons for the alarm;
 the ability to use merchant rewards and store-issued credit and debit cards with Apple Pay, which can be added to Wallet;
 support for Transit in Maps*, so you can view detailed transportation maps and schedules, including walking directions to the nearest stations with entrances and exits precisely mapped;
 workouts from third-party fitness apps contributing to your all-day Move and Exercise goals;
 using Siri to start specific workouts, launch Glances and reply to email; and
 Activation Lock, which lets users secure their Apple Watch with their Apple ID, preventing another user from wiping or activating the device if it is lost or stolen.

Availability
watchOS 2 will be available this fall as a free update to Apple Watch. Apple Watch requires iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus running iOS 8.2 or later. The iOS 9 SDK beta including WatchKit for watchOS 2 is available immediately for iOS Developer Program members at developer.apple.com/watchkit. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

*Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities this fall, including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Pay Giving Shoppers Even More Ways to Pay

Expanding Benefits with Merchant Rewards & Store-Issued Cards
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today announced Apple Pay is making everyday payments even better by adding support for rewards programs and store-issued credit and debit cards with iOS 9. Apple Pay will also give shoppers more ways to pay in the US, expanding merchant acceptance to over one million locations next month and bringing support for Discover this fall. With this addition, Apple Pay will accept credit and debit cards across all major card networks, issued by the most popular banks, representing 98 percent of all credit card purchase volume in the US.

Apple Pay has kicked off a new era of payments and our users love the incredibly easy, secure and private way to pay, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. Were bringing our customers the most requested features with support for rewards and store-issued cards, and expanding how and where Apple Pay is accepted, which truly transforms the way people pay.

With the addition of Apple Pay, the Passbook app in iOS has become much more than simply a place for keeping coupons, gift cards, boarding passes and tickets. Starting this fall with iOS 9, Passbook evolves to become Wallet, bringing additional options at checkout with Apple Pay support for rewards and store-issued credit and debit cards.

To get the most out of purchases, users simply add participating rewards and store-issued cards to the Wallet app and seamlessly use them at checkout with Apple Pay. This fall, more than 80 million active members of Walgreens Balance Rewards program, the nations largest drugstore loyalty program, will be able to easily and securely use their rewards with Apple Pay. Additionally, Kohls Department Stores will begin rolling out Apple Pay to its 30 million Yes2You Reward program members. Others bringing rewards programs to Apple Pay users include Coca-Cola, Dunkin Donuts, Panera Bread and Wegmans Food Markets. Favorite store-issued cards available to Apple Pay users will include BJs Wholesale Club, Kohls Department Stores and JCPenney, with many more to come.

Our customers around the country already depend on Dunkin Donuts as their all-day, everyday stop to keep them going, said Nigel Travis, chairman and CEO, Dunkin Brands. We cant think of a better way to reward their loyalty than by offering Apple Pay and the option to use personalized rewards with their purchases.

Providing our shoppers with innovative ways to pay while offering flexibility, supports our commitment to delivering a simple and convenient customer experience, said Kevin Mansell, Kohls chairman, CEO and president. By integrating with Apple Pay in all of our stores, Kohls customers can choose how they want to pay, whether using their Kohls Charge or Yes2You Rewards loyalty points, payments are easy and secure.

Apple Pay launched last October with 200,000 locations in the US and will soon surpass one million. Just a few of the newest merchants accepting Apple Pay in stores this year include Baskin Robbins, Best Buy, BevMo!, Big Lots, Dunkin Donuts, El Pollo Loco, EXPRESS, Forever 21, JCPenney, Johnny Rockets, Kohls Department Stores, LEGO Brand Retail, Levis, Peets Coffee, Trader Joes and White Castle. Additionally, today Square announced that it will launch its new Square Reader this fall, which will enable even more small businesses to accept Apple Pay.

Popular apps continue to add Apple Pay support so checkout can happen with a single touch. New apps bringing Apple Pay to customers include Best Buy, Delta Air Lines Fly Delta app, Dunkin Donuts, Gilt, HauteLook, Kickstarter, Munchery, Nordstromrack.com and zulily. Pinterest will also launch Buyable Pins later this month, so users can purchase millions of items from over a thousand stores like Cole Haan, Macys and Neiman Marcus from right within the Pinterest app with Apple Pay, only on iOS.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Pay Coming to the UK

Bringing the Easy, Secure & Private Way to Pay to Customers Internationally
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today announced that starting next month, Apple Pay will be available to customers in the UK, bringing them the easy, secure and private way to pay. Whether buying groceries, grabbing coffee, picking up lunch or taking the Tube, UK shoppers will soon be able to make many of their daily purchases with Apple Pay. At launch, over 250,000 locations will accept Apple Pay, with support from eight of the UKs most established banks, across all of the major credit and debit card networks.

Apple Pay has quickly become a big part of millions of users everyday shopping routines, providing a simpler, faster and more secure way to pay, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. Were thrilled to bring Apple Pay to the UK with support at launch from the most popular banks, an incredible roster of merchants and many of our users favorite apps.

Paying in stores or within apps has never been easier. In stores, shopping with Apple Pay is fast and there are no extra steps  simply hold your iPhone near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID. With Apple Watch just double click the side button and hold the face up to the contactless reader to make a purchase right from your wrist. Shopping in apps with Apple Pay can be as simple as the touch of a finger, so iPhone and iPad users can pay for physical goods and services, including apparel, electronics, health and beauty products, tickets and more.

Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. In the UK, users will soon receive all the benefits of protecting personal information, transaction data, and credit and debit card information with the industry-leading security Apple Pay brings. When adding a credit or debit card, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device, and each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay will support UK credit and debit cards from American Express, MasterCard and Visa Europe, issued by many of the UKs most popular banks, including first direct, HSBC, NatWest, Nationwide Building Society, Royal Bank of Scotland, Santander and Ulster Bank. Other major issuing banks will follow by this fall, including Bank of Scotland, Coutts, Halifax, Lloyds Bank, MBNA, M&S Bank and TSB Bank.

As part of our goal to be number one, we are absolutely focused on giving our customers the best and most innovative experience possible, said Ross McEwan, CEO of Royal Bank of Scotland. Whether on the high street, in a small shop or on the go within apps, Apple Pay offers a simple and secure way to pay. We are pleased to be among the first UK banks to offer this service to our customers.

Starting in July, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch users will be able to make purchases anywhere contactless payments are accepted. In addition to the 39 Apple Stores in the UK, leading locations for everyday shopping that will accept Apple Pay include Boots UK, BP, Costa Coffee, Dune, JD Sports, KFC UK & Ireland, Liberty, LIDL, Marks & Spencer (M&S), McDonalds UK, Nandos, New Look, Post Office, Pret A Manger, SPAR, Starbucks, SUBWAY stores, Wagamama and Waitrose. Transport for London will also accept Apple Pay, so you can use your iPhone or Apple Watch to pay for your travel or daily commute.

We are proud to be one of the first retailers to introduce Apple Pay at our stores across the UK. Whether customers are enjoying our special food range or our clothing collections, our early introduction of Apple Pay will provide them with a seamless and secure way of checking out, said Marc Bolland, CEO of Marks & Spencer.

In apps, checkout is simple and there is no need to manually fill out lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. Apps that will accept Apple Pay in the UK include Addison Lee, Airbnb, Argos, Booking.com, British Airways, Dominos, easyJet, Hailo, HotelTonight, hungryhouse, JD Sports, Just Eat, lastminute.com, Miss Selfridge, Ocado, Stubhub, thetrainline.com, Top 10, Topshop, Uncover, Vueling, YPlan, Zalando and Zara, among others. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Reports Record Third Quarter Results

iPhone, Apple Watch, Mac & App Store Drive Revenue Growth of 33%
CUPERTINO, California  July 21, 2015  Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2015 third quarter ended June 27, 2015. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $49.6 billion and quarterly net profit of $10.7 billion, or $1.85 per diluted share. These results compare to revenue of $37.4 billion and net profit of $7.7 billion, or $1.28 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin was 39.7 percent compared to 39.4 percent in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 64 percent of the quarters revenue.

The growth was fueled by record third quarter sales of iPhone and Mac, all-time record revenue from services and the successful launch of Apple Watch.

We had an amazing quarter, with iPhone revenue up 59 percent over last year, strong sales of Mac, all-time record revenue from services, driven by the App Store, and a great start for Apple Watch, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. The excitement for Apple Music has been incredible, and were looking forward to releasing iOS 9, OS X El Capitan and watchOS 2 to customers in the fall.

In the third quarter our year-over-year growth rate accelerated from the first half of fiscal 2015, with revenue up 33 percent and earnings per share up 45 percent, said Luca Maestri, Apples CFO. We generated very strong operating cash flow of $15 billion, and we returned over $13 billion to shareholders through our capital return program.

Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2015 fourth quarter: revenue between $49 billion and $51 billion
 gross margin between 38.5 percent and 39.5 percent
 operating expenses between $5.85 billion and $5.95 billion
 other income/(expense) of $400 million
 tax rate of 26.3 percent

Apples board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $.52 per share of the Companys common stock. The dividend is payable on August 13, 2015, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 10, 2015.

Apple will provide live streaming of its Q3 2015 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on July 21, 2015 at www.apple.com/quicktime/qtv/earningsq315. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter.

This press release contains forward-looking statements including without limitation those about the Companys estimated revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income/(expense), and tax rate. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ. Risks and uncertainties include without limitation the effect of competitive and economic factors, and the Companys reaction to those factors, on consumer and business buying decisions with respect to the Companys products; continued competitive pressures in the marketplace; the ability of the Company to deliver to the marketplace and stimulate customer demand for new programs, products, and technological innovations on a timely basis; the effect that product introductions and transitions, changes in product pricing or mix, and/or increases in component costs could have on the Companys gross margin; the inventory risk associated with the Companys need to order or commit to order product components in advance of customer orders; the continued availability on acceptable terms, or at all, of certain components and services essential to the Companys business currently obtained by the Company from sole or limited sources; the effect that the Companys dependency on manufacturing and logistics services provided by third parties may have on the quality, quantity or cost of products manufactured or services rendered; risks associated with the Companys international operations; the Companys reliance on third-party intellectual property and digital content; the potential impact of a finding that the Company has infringed on the intellectual property rights of others; the Companys dependency on the performance of distributors, carriers and other resellers of the Companys products; the effect that product and service quality problems could have on the Companys sales and operating profits; the continued service and availability of key executives and employees; war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters, and other circumstances that could disrupt supply, delivery, or demand of products; and unfavorable results of legal proceedings. More information on potential factors that could affect the Companys financial results is included from time to time in the Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of the Companys public reports filed with the SEC, including the Companys Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2014, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 27, 2014, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2015, and its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 27, 2015 to be filed with the SEC. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Music Festival Brings Incredible Live Performances to Fans Worldwide in September

Ten Nights of Spectacular Live Shows Including Pharrell Williams, One Direction,
 Florence + The Machine, Disclosure & More
LONDON  August 18, 2015  Apple today announced that Pharrell Williams, One Direction, Florence + The Machine and Disclosure are among the headliners at the 2015 Apple Music Festival at Londons Roundhouse this September. Apple will broadcast performances to music fans around the world for free, which can be viewed live and on-demand on Apple Music. The Apple Music Festival lets fans get even closer to their favorite performers with coverage on Beats 1 alongside backstage news and footage straight from the artists on Apple Music Connect.

We wanted to do something really special for music fans this year, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. The Apple Music Festival is a greatest hits set of ten unbelievable nights featuring some of the best performers on the planet appearing live and interacting directly with their fans on Connect and Beats 1.

Apple Music is a single, intuitive app that combines the best ways to enjoy music  all in one place. Beats 1 is Apples first ever live radio station dedicated entirely to music and music culture. With Apple Music Connect, artists can share lyrics, backstage photos, videos or even release their latest song to fans directly from their iPhone.

Wow, Im so grateful to be performing at the Apple Music Festival. The Roundhouse is such a historic venue ... theres always a special energy in the crowd. Thank you for having me! - Pharrell Williams

Itll be great to be back in London and we cant wait to perform for our fans in the Roundhouse and around the world on Apple Music! See you there! - Niall, One Direction

Were excited to be playing at this years Apple Music Festival at the wonderful Roundhouse! - Florence + The Machine

Were super excited to play our first ever show for Apple Music Festival at the Roundhouse, one of our favorite venues in London. Its also the day our albums released so that makes it extra special! - Disclosure

The Apple Music Festival takes place over ten nights from September 19 to September 28. UK residents can apply to win tickets on Apple Music as well as through media partners including the London Evening Standard. Apple hosted the iTunes Festival in London for eight years, and now in honor of the launch of Apple Music, has renamed the event the Apple Music Festival. Customers can enjoy the Apple Music Festival via Apple Music or iTunes on their iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, PC or in stunning HD with Apple TV.

The iTunes Festival started at Londons Institute of Contemporary Arts in 2007, and has seen over 550 artists perform in front of more than half a million fans and tens of millions more online and on-demand. Past performers include Adele, Beck, Coldplay, Elton John, Foo Fighters, Justin Timberlake, Kings of Leon, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Maroon 5, Muse, Sir Paul McCartney and many more.

For updates, tickets and additional information visit: www.applemusicfestival.com or join the conversation on Apple Music Connect.

To learn more about Apple Music Connect and Beats 1 visit: www.apple.com/music/connect and www.apple.com/music/radio.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple and Cisco Partner to Deliver Fast Lane for iOS Enterprise Users

CUPERTINO, California and SAN JOSE, California  August 31, 2015  Apple and Cisco today announced a partnership to create a fast lane for iOS business users by optimizing Cisco networks for iOS devices and apps, integrating iPhone with Cisco enterprise environments and providing unique collaboration on iPhone and iPad.

iOS is the worlds best mobile platform, and nearly every Fortune 500 and Global 500 company today has put iOS at the center of their mobile strategy, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. iPhone and iPad have become essential tools for the modern workforce and are changing the way work gets done. Together with Cisco, we believe we can give businesses the tools to maximize the potential of iOS and help employees become even more productive using the devices they already love.

Ninety-five percent of companies in the Fortune 500 count on Cisco Collaboration and Cisco networks to help their teams be more productive, said Cisco Executive Chairman John Chambers. Through this engineering and go-to-market partnership, were offering our joint customers the ability to seamlessly extend that awesome Cisco environment to their favorite iOS devices. Together, were going to help teams achieve higher levels of productivity and effectiveness.

To address the ever-increasing demands on corporate infrastructure, Cisco networks and iOS devices will be optimized so that they work together more efficiently and reliably with the goal of providing users with even greater performance.

Apple and Cisco are also working together to make iPhone an even better business collaboration tool in Cisco voice and video environments, with the goal of providing employees with a seamless experience between iPhone and their desk phone.

With Apple's support, Cisco will deliver experiences specially optimized for iOS across mobile, cloud, and premises-based collaboration tools such as Cisco Spark, Cisco Telepresence and Cisco WebEx in order to deliver seamless team collaboration and reinvent the meeting experience.




Cisco is the worldwide leader in helping companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by delivering the amazing results that come from connecting the previously unconnected. Cisco is empowering countries, cities, industries and businesses around the globe to move faster in order to keep pace with digital transformation and the move to the Internet of Everything (IoE). With approximately 70,000 partners, Cisco is very well positioned to provide our customers with next generation of networking, security, data center, and collaboration products and solutions that help them achieve their desired business outcomes. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com.

 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus Arrive on Friday, September 25

Fastest iOS Adoption Ever with iOS 9

CUPERTINO, California  September 21, 2015  Apple today announced iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, will be available at 8:00 a.m. local time on Friday, September 25 at Apples retail stores. Stores will have the new iPhones available for walk-in customers who are encouraged to arrive early.1 Both models will also be available on Friday from AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, additional carriers and select Apple Authorized Resellers. Apple also announced the fastest iOS adoption ever, with more than 50 percent of devices already using iOS 9.2

Customer response to the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly positive, we can't wait to get our most advanced iPhones ever into customers hands starting this Friday, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. iOS 9 is also off to an amazing start, on pace to be downloaded by more users than any other software release in Apples history.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhones revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you press the display, letting you do essential things more quickly and simply. The new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life, transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories. Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.3 The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

Pricing & Availability
 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes for $0 down with 24 monthly payments starting at $27 (US) and $31 (US), respectively, from Apples retail stores in the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.4
 Exclusively at Apples retail stores in the US, customers can choose their carrier and get an unlocked iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus with the opportunity to get a new iPhone annually and AppleCare+ on the new iPhone Upgrade Program. Monthly payments start at $32 (US) and $37 (US), respectively.5 For more information on the iPhone Upgrade Program visit www.apple.com/shop/iphone/iphone-upgrade-program or a US Apple Retail Store.
 Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US.
 Beginning September 26, customers will be able to visit Apple.com to reserve their iPhone for pick-up at their local Apple Store, based on availability. Most Apple stores will also have iPhone available for walk-in customers each day.
 Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of colors and Lightning Docks in color-matched metallic finishes will also be available.
 Every customer who buys an iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus at an Apple Retail Store will be offered free Personal Setup to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more, so theyll be up and running with their new iPhone before they leave the store.
 Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPhones or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple store.

1 iPhone is available by reservation only in China, Hong Kong, Japan and US stores in tax-free states.

2 As measured by the App Store on September 19, 2015.

3 Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.

4 Prices are rounded to the nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and eligibility may apply.

5 Prices are rounded to the nearest dollar. The iPhone Upgrade Program is available to qualified customers only with a valid US personal credit card. Requires a 24-month installment loan with a 0% Annual Percentage Rate from Citizens Bank, N.A. (subject to any interest, fees, or other costs payable to the issuer of the credit card), purchase of AppleCare+ and iPhone activation with a national carrier  AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile or Verizon. Full terms apply.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Announces Record iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus Sales

iPhone Available in 40 Additional Countries Beginning Friday, October 9
CUPERTINO, California  September 28, 2015  Apple today announced it has sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models, a new record, just three days after launch. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in more than 40 additional countries beginning October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan. The new iPhones will be available in over 130 countries by the end of the year.

Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first weekend sales results in Apples history, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. Customers feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos, and we cant wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even more countries on October 9.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhones revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you press the display, letting you do essential things more quickly and simply. The new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life, transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories. Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps*, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

Customers are encouraged to check the Apple Store app or Apple.com to receive updates on availability and estimated delivery dates. Every customer who buys an iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus at an Apple Retail Store will be offered free Personal Setup service, helping them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more, so theyll be up and running with their new iPhone before they leave the store. Customers can also learn more about iOS 9 and their new device through free workshops at all Apple retail stores worldwide. In the US, the new iPhones are also available through AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and additional carriers, and select Apple Authorized Resellers including Best Buy, Target and Walmart.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will roll out worldwide to more than 40 additional countries and territories beginning October 9 including Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Maldives, Mexico, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Taiwan. On October 10, countries include Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in India, Malaysia and Turkey on Friday, October 16 and in over 130 countries by the end of the year.

Sales completed by Saturday, September 26 will be included in Apples 2015 fourth fiscal quarter results, and sales completed on Sunday, September 27 will be included in Apples 2016 first fiscal quarter results.

Pricing & Availability  iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are available in gold, silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes for $0 down with 24 monthly payments starting at $27 (US) and $31 (US), respectively, from Apples retail stores in the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.**
 Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of colors and Lightning Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are also available.
 Exclusively at Apples retail stores in the US, customers can choose their carrier and get an unlocked iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus with the opportunity to get a new iPhone annually and AppleCare+ on the new iPhone Upgrade Program. Monthly payments start at $32 (US) and $37 (US), respectively. For more information on the iPhone Upgrade Program visit www.apple.com/shop/iphone/iphone-upgrade-program or a US Apple Retail Store.***
 Customers can visit Apple.com to reserve their iPhone for pick-up at their local Apple Store, based on availability. Most Apple stores also have iPhone available for walk-in customers each day.

*Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.
**Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and eligibility may apply.
***The iPhone Upgrade Program is available to qualified customers only with a valid US personal credit card. Requires a 24-month installment loan with Citizens Bank, N.A. and iPhone activation with a national carrier  AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile or Verizon. Full terms apply.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
OS X El Capitan Available as a Free Update Tomorrow

Refined Experience and Improved Performance Make Your Mac Better than Ever
CUPERTINO, California  September 29, 2015  Apple today announced that OS X El Capitan, the latest major release of the worlds most advanced desktop operating system, will be available on Wednesday, September 30 as a free update for Mac users. El Capitan builds on the groundbreaking features and beautiful design of OS X Yosemite, refining the Mac experience with updates to window management, built-in apps and Spotlight search, and performance improvements to make everyday activities  like launching and switching apps, opening PDFs and accessing email  faster and more responsive.

People love using their Macs, and one of the biggest reasons is the power and ease-of-use of OS X, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. El Capitan refines the Mac experience and improves performance in a lot of little ways that make a very big difference. Feedback from our OS X beta program has been incredibly positive and we think customers are going to love their Macs even more with El Capitan.

Refinements to the Mac Experience
El Capitan gives you simpler and smarter ways to do the things you do most with your Mac. A streamlined Mission Control makes it easier to see and organize everything you have open on your Mac. With a single swipe, Mission Control arranges all your windows in a single layer so you can find the window you need even faster. When your desktop gets crowded, simply drag a window to the top of your screen to create a new Space and spread out your work. And the new Split View feature automatically positions two app windows side-by-side in full screen so you can work with both apps without distraction.

Spotlight gets even smarter in El Capitan. You can now use Spotlight to check stock prices, weather conditions and forecasts, sports scores, schedules and standings, and even athlete information. You can also search with Spotlight to find a file using natural language. Simply type email from Harrison in April or presentation I worked on yesterday and Spotlight will help you find exactly what you are looking for. You can resize the Spotlight window to display more results or move it anywhere on your desktop.

OS X built-in apps are even better in El Capitan. Safari now features Pinned Sites to keep your favorite websites open and active and a new mute button to quickly silence browser audio from any tab. Mail introduces Smart Suggestions, which recognizes names or events in a Mail message and prompts you to add them to your contacts or calendar with a single click. You can also swipe to delete messages, just like in iOS, and juggle multiple emails while Mail is in full screen. In Photos, you can now edit locations, batch change descriptions, sort albums by date or title, and take editing to the next level with third-party editing extensions from your favorite developers.

El Capitan features an all-new Notes app that lets you drag and drop photos, PDFs, videos and other files into a note, and add content directly from other apps, such as Safari web links or Maps locations, using the Share menu. Easy-to-create checklists help you keep track of important to-do items, and the new Attachments Browser organizes your attachments in one simple view, making it easy to find what youre looking for. With iCloud, your notes stay in sync so you can create notes on one device and edit them or check off items on your other devices.

Improvements to System Performance
OS X El Capitan improves system performance across your Mac, making many of the things you do everyday faster and more responsive. Metal, Apples groundbreaking graphics technology, accelerates Core Animation and Core Graphics to boost system-level rendering by up to 50 percent, and efficiency by up to 40 percent, resulting in faster graphics performance for everyday apps.* Metal also takes full advantage of your CPU and GPU, delivering up to 10 times faster draw call performance for a richer, more fluid experience in games and pro apps.*

El Capitan also features enhanced international language support, including a new Chinese system font for both Traditional and Simplified, with 50,000 beautifully designed characters for crisp on-screen readability. Chinese keyboard input methods now offer regularly updated vocabulary lists and a smarter candidate window. El Capitan makes entering Japanese text faster by automatically transforming Hiragana into written Japanese and reducing the need to individually select and confirm word conversions. You can now also select the perfect font for your documents using four new Japanese typefaces.

Pricing & Availability
OS X El Capitan is available as a free update starting Wednesday, September 30 from the Mac App Store. El Capitan supports all Macs introduced in 2009 and later, and some models introduced in 2007 and 2008.

*Testing conducted by Apple in August 2015 using 2.7GHz Intel Core i5based 13-inch MacBook Pro systems with 128GB of flash storage and 8GB of RAM. Tested with prerelease OS X v10.11. Not all features are available on all devices. Performance will vary based on system configuration, application workload, and other factors.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Brings Apple Music, iTunes Movies & iBooks to Customers in China Starting Today

BEIJING  September 30, 2015  Apple today announced that Apple Music, iTunes Movies and iBooks are now available to customers in China. Apple Music combines an extensive and diverse music library with the knowledge of world-class music experts who have programmed playlists and radio stations just for you. Launching with millions of songs in its catalog, Apple Music in China features music from artists including Eason Chan, Li Ronghao, JJ Lin and G.E.M., as well as a wide range of international artists including Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran and many more. Fans can also rent or purchase movies from a great selection of Chinese studios as well as Hollywood blockbusters on the iTunes Store, in addition to enjoying paid and free books from the iBooks Store. For the first time, customers in China will have access to Apples entertainment ecosystem with music, movies and books right at their fingertips.

Customers in China love the App Store and have made it our largest market in the world for app downloads, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. One of the top requests has been more great content and were thrilled to bring music, movies and books to China, curated by a local team of experts.

Apple Music
Apple Music is a single, intuitive app that combines the best ways to enjoy music  all in one place. You can stream any Apple Music song, playlist or album, and download it for future offline listening. Our world class music experts have programmed an abundance of playlists for any genre or activity, in addition to creating hand-crafted radio stations powered by Apple Musics extensive music catalog. Apple Music also offers an invaluable way for artists to connect with fans. Through Connect, artists can share lyrics, backstage photos, videos or even release their latest song directly to fans from their iPhone. Apple Music in China features an incredible selection of local and international music from all the major and many independent labels, with more music being added regularly.  Customers can enjoy Apple Music on their iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, PC and Android phones.*

iTunes Movies
Through the iTunes Store, customers can rent or purchase movies, with most titles available in stunning HD, and enjoy the ultimate movie experience from any device, wherever and whenever they want. Check out recent blockbusters such as Jurassic World, Furious 7, and Avengers: Age of Ultron, as well as movies from local studios including Bona, Huayi Brothers and 1905. With iTunes Extras, customers can also experience special features such as behind-the-scenes footage. As a token of appreciation, the recent Chinese hit, The Taking of Tiger Mountain, will be offered for free to all customers in China for a limited time.

iBooks
The iBooks Store offers customers a wide selection of both paid and free Chinese language books from top local publishers, including Big Head Son & Little Head Dad by Zheng Chunhua, The Family Belongings of Chinese People by Ma Hongjie, and for the first time in China, Stephenie Meyers Twilight series will be available in a digital format. Purchased books are available anytime on customers Apple devices.

With iCloud, all of your iTunes purchases can be accessed from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac or PC regardless of which device you used to make the purchase. iCloud also remembers where you are in your favorite movies or books no matter which device youre viewing them on.

Pricing & Availability
Starting on September 30, music fans in China are invited to a three-month trial membership of Apple Music, after which a 10 RMB/month subscription fee will apply. There will also be a family plan providing service for up to six family members available for just 15 RMB/month. Apple Music requires initial sign up. At the end of the trial period, the membership will automatically renew and payment method will be charged on a monthly basis until auto-renewal is turned off in account settings. Family plan requires iCloud Family Sharing. Visit http://www.apple.com/cn/icloud/family-sharing/ for more information.

Movies on iTunes will be available starting at 5 RMB for rental in HD and 18 RMB to buy new releases in HD. Paid iBooks start at 0.5 RMB.

*Apple Music will be coming to Android phones this fall.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
