Important Notice for Beats Pill XL Customers

Voluntary Recall of All Beats Pill XL Speakers
CUPERTINO, CaliforniaJune 3, 2015Apple today announced a voluntary recall of Beats Pill XL speakers, including a refund for customers. Apple has determined that, in rare cases, the battery in the Beats Pill XL may overheat and pose a fire safety risk. The recall does not affect any other Beats or Apple products.

Because customer safety is the companys top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using their Beats Pill XL speakers. Customers who purchased a Beats Pill XL speaker should visit www.apple.com/support/beats-pillxl-recall for details about how to return their product to Apple, and how to receive an Apple Store credit or electronic payment of $325.

The Beats Pill XL can be identified by the Beats b logo on the speaker grille and the words beats pill XL on the handle. The product is sold in five colors: black, metallic sky, pink, titanium and white.

The Beats Pill XL was introduced by Beats by Dre in November 2013. Apple acquired Beats in 2014.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Apple Watch Arrives in Seven More Countries June 26

Sales in Apple Retail Stores to Begin in Two Weeks
CUPERTINO, CaliforniaJune 4, 2015Apple today announced Apple Watch will be available in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan beginning Friday, June 26 from the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers.

The response to Apple Watch has surpassed our expectations in every way, and we are thrilled to bring it to more customers around the world, said Jeff Williams, Apples senior vice president of Operations. Were also making great progress with the backlog of Apple Watch orders, and we thank our customers for their patience. All orders placed through May, with the sole exception of Apple Watch 42 mm Space Black Stainless Steel with Space Black Link Bracelet, will ship to customers within two weeks. At that time, well also begin selling some models in our Apple Retail Stores.

Apple Watch, Apples most personal device yet, is an incredibly accurate timepiece, an intimate and immediate communication device and a groundbreaking health and fitness companion. Highly customizable for personal expression, Apple Watch also brings an entirely new way to receive information at a glance and interact with the world through third-party app experiences designed specifically for the wrist.

Apple Watch introduces revolutionary technologies including the Digital Crown, an innovative way to scroll, zoom and navigate fluidly without obstructing the display. The Retina display with Force Touch on Apple Watch senses the difference between a tap and a press, providing a new way to quickly and easily access relevant controls. The Taptic Engine discreetly delivers a gentle tap on your wrist whenever you receive a notification or message.

The worlds most vibrant and innovative developer community has already created thousands of apps for Apple Watch with new apps for customers to explore and discover every day. Apple Watch wearers can now order a taxi in Spain with MyTaxi, easily navigate the airport with the Genve Aroport app, keep track of a Singapore Airlines flight, explore Italy with AroundMe, stay in touch with friends in South Korea with KakaoTalk, find the nearby YouBike station in Taiwan and access movie tickets with Cinepolis in Mexico. The Apple Watch app that comes with iOS 8.2 or later on iPhone lets you browse, buy and download apps from the App Store for Apple Watch.

Pricing & Availability
Apple Watch will be available on Friday, June 26 in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan from the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), at Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. 10 Corso Como in Milan, BOONTHESHOP Cheongdam in Seoul and Malmaison by The Hour Glass in Singapore will have a curated selection of Apple Watch available at launch. Apple Watch is currently available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the UK and the US.

Apple Watch is available in three collections, Apple Watch Sport, priced at $349 (US) and $399 (US); Apple Watch, available from $549 (US) to $1,099 (US); and Apple Watch Edition, crafted from custom rose or yellow 18-karat gold alloys, with prices starting at $10,000 (US).

Customers who purchase from Apple will be offered Personal Setup, in-store or online, to customize and pair Apple Watch with their iPhone, showing them new apps from the App Store for Apple Watch and more. Customers can explore and choose their favorite Apple Watch in the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com) or through the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad.

Apple Watch requires iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus running iOS 8.2 or later.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Introducing Apple Music  All The Ways You Love Music. All in One Place.

Worldwide Debut June 30
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today unveiled Apple Music, a single, intuitive app that combines the best ways to enjoy music  all in one place. Apple Music is a revolutionary streaming music service, a pioneering worldwide live radio station from Apple broadcasting 24 hours a day and a great new way for music fans to connect with their favorite artists. Apple Music combines the largest and most diverse collection of music on the planet with the expertise of world-class music experts who have programmed playlists for your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, PC, Apple TV and Android phones.* Apple Music will be available starting on June 30 in over 100 countries.

We love music, and the new Apple Music service puts an incredible experience at every fans fingertips, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. All the ways people love enjoying music come together in one app  a revolutionary streaming service, live worldwide radio and an exciting way for fans to connect with artists.

Apple Music is really going to move the needle for fans and artists, said Jimmy Iovine. Online music has become a complicated mess of apps, services and websites. Apple Music brings the best features together for an experience every music lover will appreciate.

Apple Music
Apple Music is a revolutionary streaming service and app that puts the entire Apple Music catalog at your fingertips across your favorite devices. Starting with the music you already know  whether from the iTunes Store or ripped CDs  your music now lives in one place alongside the Apple Music catalog with over 30 million songs. You can stream any song, album or playlist you choose  or better yet, let Apple Music do the work for you.

Curation is the soul of every playlist created on Apple Music. Apple has hired the most talented music experts from around the world, dedicated to creating the perfect playlists based on your preferences, and they become better curators the more you listen. The For You section of Apple Music provides a fresh mix of albums, new releases and playlists, which have been personalized just for you.

In addition to human curation, Siri is also dedicated to helping you enjoy great music and have fun with Apple Music. Ask Siri to, Play me the best songs from 1994, Play the best FKA twigs song, or What was the number one song in February 2011?

Apple Music Radio
Beats 1, Apples first ever live radio station dedicated entirely to music and music culture, will broadcast live to over 100 countries. Beats 1 is a 24-hour listening experience led by influential DJs Zane Lowe in Los Angeles, Ebro Darden in New York and Julie Adenuga in London. Listeners around the globe will hear the same great programming at the same time. Exciting programs on Beats 1 will offer exclusive interviews, guest hosts and the best of whats going on in the world of music.

Apple has also redesigned radio with human curation taking the lead. Apple Music Radio gives you stations created by some of the worlds finest radio DJs. The new stations range in genres from indie rock to classical and folk to funk, with each one expertly curated. With membership, you can skip as many songs as you like, so you can change the tune without changing the dial.

Apple Music Connect
Artists and fans now have an incredible way to connect with one another directly in Apple Music with Connect. Through Connect, artists can share lyrics, backstage photos, videos or even release their latest song directly to fans directly from their iPhone. Fans can comment on or like anything an artist has posted, and share it via Messages, Facebook, Twitter and email. And when you comment, the artist can respond directly to you.

Pricing & Availability
Starting on June 30, music fans around the world are invited to a 3-month free membership, after which a $9.99/month subscription fee will apply. There will also be a family plan providing service for up to six family members available for just $14.99/month.

Requires initial sign up. At the end of the trial period, the membership will automatically renew and payment method will be charged on a monthly basis until auto-renewal is turned off in account settings. Family plan requires iCloud Family Sharing. See www.apple.com/icloud/family-sharing for more information.

*Apple Music is available on your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, and PC starting June 30. Apple Music will be coming to Apple TV and Android phones this fall.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Previews iOS 9

SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today unveiled iOS 9, giving a preview of new iPhone, iPad and iPod touch software that will be available this fall. In this upcoming release, iOS devices become more intelligent and proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features  all without compromising users privacy. New multitasking features designed specifically for iPad allow you to work with two apps simultaneously, side-by-side or with the new Picture-in-Picture feature, to keep watching a video while browsing the web, composing email or using any other app. Built-in apps become more powerful in iOS 9 with detailed transit information in Maps*, a redesigned Notes app with new ways to capture ideas, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.

iOS 9 is packed with more intelligence throughout, and delivers big updates to the apps customers use most  Maps supports public transit, a redesigned Notes app provides great new ways to capture ideas, and a beautiful News app delivers content thats personalized to your interests, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. With our new iPad features, users can take advantage of the power of iPad, working in two apps at the same time with Split View, Slide Over or Picture-in-Picture.

Intelligence
Siri features an all-new design in iOS 9, contextual reminders and new ways to search photos and videos. Proactive assistance presents the most relevant information without compromising users privacy and suggests actions at a particular moment  even before you start typing  automatically suggesting apps to launch or people to contact based on usage patterns, and notifying you when you need to leave for appointments, taking into account traffic conditions. iOS 9 can even learn what you typically listen to in a certain location or at a particular time of day, so when you plug in headphones at the gym or hop in the car before work, it can automatically display playback controls for your preferred app. Typed search queries deliver more relevant results from more categories, including sports scores and schedules, videos and simple math calculations.

New iPad Features
With a simple swipe, the new Slide Over feature lets you simultaneously work in a second app without leaving the first. And with a quick tap, you can access the new Split View feature so you can work in two apps at the same time, side-by-side. Picture-in-Picture lets you continue a FaceTime call or video while using your favorite apps. These new multitasking features are supported by built-in Apple apps, and APIs make it easy for third-party developers to add support into their own apps. Typing is faster and easier with an all-new Shortcut Bar that displays actions tailored for the app you are in, and new Multi-Touch gestures make it even easier to select and edit text.

Built-In Apps
In iOS 9, Maps adds support for metropolitan transit systems and schedules, and subway station entrances and exits are precisely mapped, providing every step of your trip. When you plan your trip, Maps can offer a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, and with the new Nearby feature, quickly see whats around by searching for food, drinks, shopping and more.

New features of the completely redesigned Notes app include the ability to draw a quick sketch using your finger, easily create checklists to keep track of your to-dos, or snap a photo directly in a note. Easily save important items to your notes directly from other apps, and keep them in sync across all your enabled devices with iCloud.

The News app delivers a reading experience that combines the rich, immersive design of a print magazine with the interactivity of digital media. News can learn your interests and suggest relevant content thats easily shareable with friends or saved for later. News delivers the best articles from a variety of publishers and over one million topics to help you personalize your reading experience, all presented in an elegant, uncluttered design. News is powered by the new Apple News Format, a digital publishing format supporting custom typography, galleries, audio, video and interactive animations, allowing publishers like Cond Nast, ESPN and The New York Times to create beautiful editorial layouts for iOS users.

With iOS 9, Apple Pay adds support for Discover, rewards programs from merchants such as Walgreens and Kohls Department Stores, and participating store-issued credit and debit cards. Shoppers will be able to manage their cards in the new Wallet app. Apple Pay will also be available to users in the UK starting next month.

Foundation
iOS 9 makes the foundation of iOS even stronger with refinements including battery optimization that provides a typical user with an additional hour of battery life**, and a low-power mode to help further extend battery life. Software updates require less space to install and an Install Later feature can perform updates to your device when its not in use. Enhanced security features in iOS 9 keep your devices and Apple ID secure by strengthening the passcode that protects your devices and improving two-factor authentication by building it directly into iOS, making it harder for others to gain unauthorized access to your Apple ID.

Developer APIs
iOS 9 APIs and tools for developers include: extensible search that deep links directly to content within third-party apps;
 GameplayKit and Model I/O for building better games and ReplayKit for recording gameplay;
 new HomeKit profiles for motorized windows and shades, motion sensors and home security systems;
 wireless CarPlay and support for auto manufacturers to develop apps within CarPlay; and
 new HealthKit data points for reproductive health, UV exposure, water intake and sedentary state.

Swift 2 brings powerful new features and performance improvements that produce faster apps. The Swift compiler and standard library will be made available as open source later this year, putting the language in the hands of even more developers.

Availability
The iOS 9 beta software and SDK are available immediately for iOS Developer Program members at developer.apple.com, and a public beta program will be available in July at beta.apple.com. iOS 9 will be available this fall as a free software update for iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch 5th generation, iPad 2 and later, iPad mini and later. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

*Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities this fall, including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai.
**Battery life depends on usage and settings.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Announces News App for iPhone & iPad

Delivers News in a Beautiful & Uncluttered Format

SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today unveiled an all-new News app delivering the best news reading experience on any mobile device. Available with iOS 9 this fall for iPhone and iPad, News combines the visually rich layout of a magazine with the immediacy and customization of digital media. News follows over a million topics and pulls relevant stories based on your specific interests that can be easily shared or saved for later  without compromising your privacy. News is powered by the new custom-designed Apple News Format, a digital publishing format that allows publishers to create beautiful layouts.

News seamlessly delivers the articles you want to read in a beautiful and uncluttered format, while respecting your privacy, because Apple doesnt share your personal data, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. We already have nearly 20 publishers representing more than 50 titles joining us, including Cond Nast, ESPN, The New York Times, Hearst, Time Inc., CNN and Bloomberg.

News conveniently collects all the stories you want to read in one place, in a customized newsfeed called For You. Readers can see the publisher channels and topics theyre following in Favorites, and to discover new content, Explore makes great suggestions based on what youve already read. The more you read, the more personalized the News app becomes, refining the selection of stories delivered to your iPhone or iPad.

Apple News Format allows publishers to create stories that look beautiful and take advantage of the full power of iOS. Content can include photos and galleries, audio, video, maps and rich interactions such as parallax and animation. When publishers create their stories for News, content comes alive with custom fonts and intuitive Multi-Touch gestures. Apple News Format automatically customizes the layout for each screen size, so News content looks great on both iPhone and iPad.

Cond Nasts premium content deserves a premium mobile experience and the News app delivers that, said Bob Sauerberg, President of Cond Nast. News offers an environment that combines the rich, immersive design of our photography, artwork and editorial expertise with the interactivity and dynamism of digital media  its stunning.

ESPN fans are incredibly engaged in the way they consume our content, so the more vibrant experience we can offer, the happier theyll be, said John Skipper, President of ESPN Inc. and Co-Chairman of Disney Media Networks. Weve seen incredible success with our ESPN apps on iOS, and News is only going to make a richer, more personal experience for our readers so they can stay up-to-date on the sports news that matters to them.

Publishers interested in signing up can visit www.icloud.com/newspublisher with additional publishing tools available later this year. iOS 9 will be available this fall as a free software update for iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch 5th generation, iPad 2 and later, iPad mini and later. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Announces OS X El Capitan with Refined Experience & Improved Performance

SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today announced OS X El Capitan, a new version of OS X that refines the Mac experience and improves system performance. Building on last years landmark release of OS X Yosemite, El Capitan introduces enhancements to window management, built-in apps and Spotlight search, and makes everyday activities  from launching apps to accessing email  faster and more responsive. Metal, Apples breakthrough graphics technology, is integrated into El Capitan, delivering system-wide performance gains and enabling games and pro apps to tap into the full power of Mac graphics processors.

OS X delivers unparalleled integration between Mac hardware, iOS devices, apps and online services, and has helped Mac sales outpace the PC industry every year for the last decade, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. Customers loved last years landmark OS X Yosemite release and made it the fastest-adopted PC operating system ever. With El Capitan, were further refining the Mac experience with enhancements to window management, Spotlight and built-in apps, and improving performance so everyday activities  from launching apps to accessing email  are faster and more responsive.

Refinements to the Mac Experience
OS X El Capitan refinements begin with the new system font, San Francisco, a modern and easy-to-read typeface that looks stunning on a Retina display. Mission Control, the quickest way to view all open windows, has a cleaner design so you can find the window you need even faster. When your desktop gets crowded, simply drag a window to the top of your screen to access the new Spaces Bar in Mission Control and create a new Space, OS Xs intuitive way to group applications. And, the new Split View feature automatically positions two app windows side-by-side in full screen so you can work with both apps without distraction.

Built-in apps are even more streamlined in El Capitan. Safari now features Pinned Sites to keep your favorite websites open and active in your tab bar and a new mute button to quickly silence browser audio from any tab. Mail introduces Smart Suggestions, which recognizes names or events in a Mail message and prompts you to add them to your contacts or calendar with a single click. You can also now swipe to delete messages, just like in iOS, and juggle multiple emails while Mail is in full screen. In Photos, you can add locations to a single image or an entire Moment, and sort albums by date or title. Additionally, youll be able to download third-party editing extensions from the Mac App Store and access them directly within the Photos app.

With the all-new Notes app in El Capitan you can drag and drop photos, PDFs, videos and other files into notes, and add content directly from other apps, such as Safari or Maps, using the Share menu. Easy-to-create checklists help you keep track of important to-do items, and the new Attachments Browser organizes your attachments in one simple view, making it easy to find what youre looking for. With iCloud, your notes stay in sync across all your enabled devices.

Spotlight gets even smarter in El Capitan, generating results for even more topics, including weather, stocks, sports, transit and web video. You can now resize the Spotlight window to display more results or move it anywhere on your desktop, and use natural language to find documents and files on your Mac based on when they were created or who you sent them to.

Improvements to System Performance
OS X El Capitan improves system performance across your Mac, making many of the things you do everyday faster and more responsive. Metal, Apples groundbreaking graphics technology, accelerates Core Animation and Core Graphics to boost system-level rendering by up to 50 percent,* and efficiency by up to 40 percent,** resulting in faster graphics performance for everyday apps. Metal also takes full advantage of your CPU and GPU, delivering up to 10 times faster draw call performance for a richer, more fluid experience in games and pro apps.*

El Capitan also features enhanced international language support, including a new Chinese system font for both Traditional and Simplified, with 50,000 beautifully designed characters for crisp on-screen readability. Chinese keyboard input methods now offer regularly updated vocabulary lists and a smarter candidate window. El Capitan makes entering Japanese text faster by automatically transforming Hiragana into written Japanese and reducing the need to individually select and confirm word conversions. You can now also select the perfect font for your documents using four new Japanese typefaces.

Availability
The developer preview of OS X El Capitan is available to Mac Developer Program members starting today. Mac users can participate in the El Capitan Beta Program in July and download the final version for free from the Mac App Store this fall. Customers interested in signing up for the public beta can visit www.apple.com/osx/elcapitan-preview/ for more details. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

*Testing conducted by Apple in May 2015 using 2.7 GHz Intel Core i5-based 13-inch MacBook Pro systems with 128GB of flash storage and 8GB of RAM. Tested with prerelease OS X v10.11. Not all features are available on all devices. Performance will vary based on system configuration, application workload and other factors.
**Testing conducted by Apple in May 2015 using 2.2 GHz Intel Core i7-based 15-inch MacBook Pro systems with 256GB of flash storage and 16GB of RAM. Tested with prerelease OS X v10.11. Not all features are available on all devices. Performance will vary based on system configuration, application workload and other factors.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Previews New Apple Watch Software

watchOS 2 Introduces Native Third-Party Apps, New Watch Faces & Enhanced Communications Features
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today previewed watchOS 2, the first major software update for Apple Watch, giving developers the tools to build faster and more powerful apps running natively on Apple Watch. Starting today, developers can take advantage of innovative hardware features of Apple Watch including the Digital Crown, Taptic Engine and heart rate sensor, along with software APIs to build new app experiences. Available to Apple Watch users this fall, watchOS 2 also includes new watch faces, third-party app information as watch face complications and new communication capabilities in Mail, Friends and Digital Touch.

We are thrilled with the feedback were getting from Apple Watch customers, and after just a few weeks of availability were excited for developers to start building native apps for watchOS 2, said Kevin Lynch, Apples vice president of Technology. We think Apple Watch users will love being able to see information from their favorite apps right on the watch face, and enjoy the many new experiences developers will dream up now that they have access to even more innovative features of Apple Watch.

WatchKit for watchOS 2
Developers have already created thousands of apps for Apple Watch, and WatchKit now gives them access to key hardware like the Digital Crown, Taptic Engine, heart rate sensor, accelerometer and microphone. New software APIs enable audio and video playback and animation, and with the ClockKit framework, developers can represent their data as complications on the watch face.

These new tools allow developers to make apps more robust. For example, Strava can more accurately track your heart rate while on a ride or run using data from the heart rate sensor and accelerometer; Insteon can give customers more precise controls to dim their lights or control the temperature with the Digital Crown; Volkswagen owners can get haptic feedback when their car door has been locked; WeChat includes audio messaging using the microphone; and Vine can host and play video right in the app.

New Apple Watch Features
watchOS 2 lets you turn your favorite photo into a new watch face or view pictures from your favorite photo album with every raise of your wrist with the new Photo and Photo Album watch faces. With the Time-Lapse watch face, choose from a selection of time-lapse videos shot over 24 hours in iconic locations including New York City, London or Shanghai.

A new Time Travel feature lets users scroll with the Digital Crown to explore events in the future (and past) including upcoming meetings or activities, the temperature for the week, and information from third-party apps, such as upcoming flight information.

The latest Apple Watch software provides more creative ways to communicate. With Mail, you can respond quickly using dictation, Smart Replies or emoji. You can create multiple Friends screens, each of which can hold up to twelve friends, and new friends can be added directly on Apple Watch. Digital Touch lets you draw and send sketches with multiple colors on the same canvas, giving you more tools for creative sketches.

Additional watchOS 2 features include:  Nightstand Mode that transforms Apple Watch into a bedside alarm clock, with the Digital Crown and side button serving as snooze and off buttons for the alarm;
 the ability to use merchant rewards and store-issued credit and debit cards with Apple Pay, which can be added to Wallet;
 support for Transit in Maps*, so you can view detailed transportation maps and schedules, including walking directions to the nearest stations with entrances and exits precisely mapped;
 workouts from third-party fitness apps contributing to your all-day Move and Exercise goals;
 using Siri to start specific workouts, launch Glances and reply to email; and
 Activation Lock, which lets users secure their Apple Watch with their Apple ID, preventing another user from wiping or activating the device if it is lost or stolen.

Availability
watchOS 2 will be available this fall as a free update to Apple Watch. Apple Watch requires iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus running iOS 8.2 or later. The iOS 9 SDK beta including WatchKit for watchOS 2 is available immediately for iOS Developer Program members at developer.apple.com/watchkit. Features are subject to change. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages.

*Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities this fall, including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Pay Giving Shoppers Even More Ways to Pay

Expanding Benefits with Merchant Rewards & Store-Issued Cards
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today announced Apple Pay is making everyday payments even better by adding support for rewards programs and store-issued credit and debit cards with iOS 9. Apple Pay will also give shoppers more ways to pay in the US, expanding merchant acceptance to over one million locations next month and bringing support for Discover this fall. With this addition, Apple Pay will accept credit and debit cards across all major card networks, issued by the most popular banks, representing 98 percent of all credit card purchase volume in the US.

Apple Pay has kicked off a new era of payments and our users love the incredibly easy, secure and private way to pay, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. Were bringing our customers the most requested features with support for rewards and store-issued cards, and expanding how and where Apple Pay is accepted, which truly transforms the way people pay.

With the addition of Apple Pay, the Passbook app in iOS has become much more than simply a place for keeping coupons, gift cards, boarding passes and tickets. Starting this fall with iOS 9, Passbook evolves to become Wallet, bringing additional options at checkout with Apple Pay support for rewards and store-issued credit and debit cards.

To get the most out of purchases, users simply add participating rewards and store-issued cards to the Wallet app and seamlessly use them at checkout with Apple Pay. This fall, more than 80 million active members of Walgreens Balance Rewards program, the nations largest drugstore loyalty program, will be able to easily and securely use their rewards with Apple Pay. Additionally, Kohls Department Stores will begin rolling out Apple Pay to its 30 million Yes2You Reward program members. Others bringing rewards programs to Apple Pay users include Coca-Cola, Dunkin Donuts, Panera Bread and Wegmans Food Markets. Favorite store-issued cards available to Apple Pay users will include BJs Wholesale Club, Kohls Department Stores and JCPenney, with many more to come.

Our customers around the country already depend on Dunkin Donuts as their all-day, everyday stop to keep them going, said Nigel Travis, chairman and CEO, Dunkin Brands. We cant think of a better way to reward their loyalty than by offering Apple Pay and the option to use personalized rewards with their purchases.

Providing our shoppers with innovative ways to pay while offering flexibility, supports our commitment to delivering a simple and convenient customer experience, said Kevin Mansell, Kohls chairman, CEO and president. By integrating with Apple Pay in all of our stores, Kohls customers can choose how they want to pay, whether using their Kohls Charge or Yes2You Rewards loyalty points, payments are easy and secure.

Apple Pay launched last October with 200,000 locations in the US and will soon surpass one million. Just a few of the newest merchants accepting Apple Pay in stores this year include Baskin Robbins, Best Buy, BevMo!, Big Lots, Dunkin Donuts, El Pollo Loco, EXPRESS, Forever 21, JCPenney, Johnny Rockets, Kohls Department Stores, LEGO Brand Retail, Levis, Peets Coffee, Trader Joes and White Castle. Additionally, today Square announced that it will launch its new Square Reader this fall, which will enable even more small businesses to accept Apple Pay.

Popular apps continue to add Apple Pay support so checkout can happen with a single touch. New apps bringing Apple Pay to customers include Best Buy, Delta Air Lines Fly Delta app, Dunkin Donuts, Gilt, HauteLook, Kickstarter, Munchery, Nordstromrack.com and zulily. Pinterest will also launch Buyable Pins later this month, so users can purchase millions of items from over a thousand stores like Cole Haan, Macys and Neiman Marcus from right within the Pinterest app with Apple Pay, only on iOS.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Pay Coming to the UK

Bringing the Easy, Secure & Private Way to Pay to Customers Internationally
SAN FRANCISCO  June 8, 2015  Apple today announced that starting next month, Apple Pay will be available to customers in the UK, bringing them the easy, secure and private way to pay. Whether buying groceries, grabbing coffee, picking up lunch or taking the Tube, UK shoppers will soon be able to make many of their daily purchases with Apple Pay. At launch, over 250,000 locations will accept Apple Pay, with support from eight of the UKs most established banks, across all of the major credit and debit card networks.

Apple Pay has quickly become a big part of millions of users everyday shopping routines, providing a simpler, faster and more secure way to pay, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. Were thrilled to bring Apple Pay to the UK with support at launch from the most popular banks, an incredible roster of merchants and many of our users favorite apps.

Paying in stores or within apps has never been easier. In stores, shopping with Apple Pay is fast and there are no extra steps  simply hold your iPhone near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID. With Apple Watch just double click the side button and hold the face up to the contactless reader to make a purchase right from your wrist. Shopping in apps with Apple Pay can be as simple as the touch of a finger, so iPhone and iPad users can pay for physical goods and services, including apparel, electronics, health and beauty products, tickets and more.

Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. In the UK, users will soon receive all the benefits of protecting personal information, transaction data, and credit and debit card information with the industry-leading security Apple Pay brings. When adding a credit or debit card, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device, and each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay will support UK credit and debit cards from American Express, MasterCard and Visa Europe, issued by many of the UKs most popular banks, including first direct, HSBC, NatWest, Nationwide Building Society, Royal Bank of Scotland, Santander and Ulster Bank. Other major issuing banks will follow by this fall, including Bank of Scotland, Coutts, Halifax, Lloyds Bank, MBNA, M&S Bank and TSB Bank.

As part of our goal to be number one, we are absolutely focused on giving our customers the best and most innovative experience possible, said Ross McEwan, CEO of Royal Bank of Scotland. Whether on the high street, in a small shop or on the go within apps, Apple Pay offers a simple and secure way to pay. We are pleased to be among the first UK banks to offer this service to our customers.

Starting in July, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch users will be able to make purchases anywhere contactless payments are accepted. In addition to the 39 Apple Stores in the UK, leading locations for everyday shopping that will accept Apple Pay include Boots UK, BP, Costa Coffee, Dune, JD Sports, KFC UK & Ireland, Liberty, LIDL, Marks & Spencer (M&S), McDonalds UK, Nandos, New Look, Post Office, Pret A Manger, SPAR, Starbucks, SUBWAY stores, Wagamama and Waitrose. Transport for London will also accept Apple Pay, so you can use your iPhone or Apple Watch to pay for your travel or daily commute.

We are proud to be one of the first retailers to introduce Apple Pay at our stores across the UK. Whether customers are enjoying our special food range or our clothing collections, our early introduction of Apple Pay will provide them with a seamless and secure way of checking out, said Marc Bolland, CEO of Marks & Spencer.

In apps, checkout is simple and there is no need to manually fill out lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. Apps that will accept Apple Pay in the UK include Addison Lee, Airbnb, Argos, Booking.com, British Airways, Dominos, easyJet, Hailo, HotelTonight, hungryhouse, JD Sports, Just Eat, lastminute.com, Miss Selfridge, Ocado, Stubhub, thetrainline.com, Top 10, Topshop, Uncover, Vueling, YPlan, Zalando and Zara, among others. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Reports Record Third Quarter Results

iPhone, Apple Watch, Mac & App Store Drive Revenue Growth of 33%
CUPERTINO, California  July 21, 2015  Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2015 third quarter ended June 27, 2015. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $49.6 billion and quarterly net profit of $10.7 billion, or $1.85 per diluted share. These results compare to revenue of $37.4 billion and net profit of $7.7 billion, or $1.28 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin was 39.7 percent compared to 39.4 percent in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 64 percent of the quarters revenue.

The growth was fueled by record third quarter sales of iPhone and Mac, all-time record revenue from services and the successful launch of Apple Watch.

We had an amazing quarter, with iPhone revenue up 59 percent over last year, strong sales of Mac, all-time record revenue from services, driven by the App Store, and a great start for Apple Watch, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. The excitement for Apple Music has been incredible, and were looking forward to releasing iOS 9, OS X El Capitan and watchOS 2 to customers in the fall.

In the third quarter our year-over-year growth rate accelerated from the first half of fiscal 2015, with revenue up 33 percent and earnings per share up 45 percent, said Luca Maestri, Apples CFO. We generated very strong operating cash flow of $15 billion, and we returned over $13 billion to shareholders through our capital return program.

Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2015 fourth quarter: revenue between $49 billion and $51 billion
 gross margin between 38.5 percent and 39.5 percent
 operating expenses between $5.85 billion and $5.95 billion
 other income/(expense) of $400 million
 tax rate of 26.3 percent

Apples board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $.52 per share of the Companys common stock. The dividend is payable on August 13, 2015, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 10, 2015.

Apple will provide live streaming of its Q3 2015 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on July 21, 2015 at www.apple.com/quicktime/qtv/earningsq315. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter.

This press release contains forward-looking statements including without limitation those about the Companys estimated revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income/(expense), and tax rate. These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ. Risks and uncertainties include without limitation the effect of competitive and economic factors, and the Companys reaction to those factors, on consumer and business buying decisions with respect to the Companys products; continued competitive pressures in the marketplace; the ability of the Company to deliver to the marketplace and stimulate customer demand for new programs, products, and technological innovations on a timely basis; the effect that product introductions and transitions, changes in product pricing or mix, and/or increases in component costs could have on the Companys gross margin; the inventory risk associated with the Companys need to order or commit to order product components in advance of customer orders; the continued availability on acceptable terms, or at all, of certain components and services essential to the Companys business currently obtained by the Company from sole or limited sources; the effect that the Companys dependency on manufacturing and logistics services provided by third parties may have on the quality, quantity or cost of products manufactured or services rendered; risks associated with the Companys international operations; the Companys reliance on third-party intellectual property and digital content; the potential impact of a finding that the Company has infringed on the intellectual property rights of others; the Companys dependency on the performance of distributors, carriers and other resellers of the Companys products; the effect that product and service quality problems could have on the Companys sales and operating profits; the continued service and availability of key executives and employees; war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters, and other circumstances that could disrupt supply, delivery, or demand of products; and unfavorable results of legal proceedings. More information on potential factors that could affect the Companys financial results is included from time to time in the Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections of the Companys public reports filed with the SEC, including the Companys Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2014, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 27, 2014, its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2015, and its Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 27, 2015 to be filed with the SEC. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Music Festival Brings Incredible Live Performances to Fans Worldwide in September

Ten Nights of Spectacular Live Shows Including Pharrell Williams, One Direction,
 Florence + The Machine, Disclosure & More
LONDON  August 18, 2015  Apple today announced that Pharrell Williams, One Direction, Florence + The Machine and Disclosure are among the headliners at the 2015 Apple Music Festival at Londons Roundhouse this September. Apple will broadcast performances to music fans around the world for free, which can be viewed live and on-demand on Apple Music. The Apple Music Festival lets fans get even closer to their favorite performers with coverage on Beats 1 alongside backstage news and footage straight from the artists on Apple Music Connect.

We wanted to do something really special for music fans this year, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. The Apple Music Festival is a greatest hits set of ten unbelievable nights featuring some of the best performers on the planet appearing live and interacting directly with their fans on Connect and Beats 1.

Apple Music is a single, intuitive app that combines the best ways to enjoy music  all in one place. Beats 1 is Apples first ever live radio station dedicated entirely to music and music culture. With Apple Music Connect, artists can share lyrics, backstage photos, videos or even release their latest song to fans directly from their iPhone.

Wow, Im so grateful to be performing at the Apple Music Festival. The Roundhouse is such a historic venue ... theres always a special energy in the crowd. Thank you for having me! - Pharrell Williams

Itll be great to be back in London and we cant wait to perform for our fans in the Roundhouse and around the world on Apple Music! See you there! - Niall, One Direction

Were excited to be playing at this years Apple Music Festival at the wonderful Roundhouse! - Florence + The Machine

Were super excited to play our first ever show for Apple Music Festival at the Roundhouse, one of our favorite venues in London. Its also the day our albums released so that makes it extra special! - Disclosure

The Apple Music Festival takes place over ten nights from September 19 to September 28. UK residents can apply to win tickets on Apple Music as well as through media partners including the London Evening Standard. Apple hosted the iTunes Festival in London for eight years, and now in honor of the launch of Apple Music, has renamed the event the Apple Music Festival. Customers can enjoy the Apple Music Festival via Apple Music or iTunes on their iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, PC or in stunning HD with Apple TV.

The iTunes Festival started at Londons Institute of Contemporary Arts in 2007, and has seen over 550 artists perform in front of more than half a million fans and tens of millions more online and on-demand. Past performers include Adele, Beck, Coldplay, Elton John, Foo Fighters, Justin Timberlake, Kings of Leon, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Maroon 5, Muse, Sir Paul McCartney and many more.

For updates, tickets and additional information visit: www.applemusicfestival.com or join the conversation on Apple Music Connect.

To learn more about Apple Music Connect and Beats 1 visit: www.apple.com/music/connect and www.apple.com/music/radio.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple and Cisco Partner to Deliver Fast Lane for iOS Enterprise Users

CUPERTINO, California and SAN JOSE, California  August 31, 2015  Apple and Cisco today announced a partnership to create a fast lane for iOS business users by optimizing Cisco networks for iOS devices and apps, integrating iPhone with Cisco enterprise environments and providing unique collaboration on iPhone and iPad.

iOS is the worlds best mobile platform, and nearly every Fortune 500 and Global 500 company today has put iOS at the center of their mobile strategy, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. iPhone and iPad have become essential tools for the modern workforce and are changing the way work gets done. Together with Cisco, we believe we can give businesses the tools to maximize the potential of iOS and help employees become even more productive using the devices they already love.

Ninety-five percent of companies in the Fortune 500 count on Cisco Collaboration and Cisco networks to help their teams be more productive, said Cisco Executive Chairman John Chambers. Through this engineering and go-to-market partnership, were offering our joint customers the ability to seamlessly extend that awesome Cisco environment to their favorite iOS devices. Together, were going to help teams achieve higher levels of productivity and effectiveness.

To address the ever-increasing demands on corporate infrastructure, Cisco networks and iOS devices will be optimized so that they work together more efficiently and reliably with the goal of providing users with even greater performance.

Apple and Cisco are also working together to make iPhone an even better business collaboration tool in Cisco voice and video environments, with the goal of providing employees with a seamless experience between iPhone and their desk phone.

With Apple's support, Cisco will deliver experiences specially optimized for iOS across mobile, cloud, and premises-based collaboration tools such as Cisco Spark, Cisco Telepresence and Cisco WebEx in order to deliver seamless team collaboration and reinvent the meeting experience.




Cisco is the worldwide leader in helping companies seize the opportunities of tomorrow by delivering the amazing results that come from connecting the previously unconnected. Cisco is empowering countries, cities, industries and businesses around the globe to move faster in order to keep pace with digital transformation and the move to the Internet of Everything (IoE). With approximately 70,000 partners, Cisco is very well positioned to provide our customers with next generation of networking, security, data center, and collaboration products and solutions that help them achieve their desired business outcomes. For ongoing news, please go to http://thenetwork.cisco.com.

 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus Arrive on Friday, September 25

Fastest iOS Adoption Ever with iOS 9

CUPERTINO, California  September 21, 2015  Apple today announced iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, will be available at 8:00 a.m. local time on Friday, September 25 at Apples retail stores. Stores will have the new iPhones available for walk-in customers who are encouraged to arrive early.1 Both models will also be available on Friday from AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, additional carriers and select Apple Authorized Resellers. Apple also announced the fastest iOS adoption ever, with more than 50 percent of devices already using iOS 9.2

Customer response to the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly positive, we can't wait to get our most advanced iPhones ever into customers hands starting this Friday, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. iOS 9 is also off to an amazing start, on pace to be downloaded by more users than any other software release in Apples history.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhones revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you press the display, letting you do essential things more quickly and simply. The new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life, transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories. Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.3 The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

Pricing & Availability
 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes for $0 down with 24 monthly payments starting at $27 (US) and $31 (US), respectively, from Apples retail stores in the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.4
 Exclusively at Apples retail stores in the US, customers can choose their carrier and get an unlocked iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus with the opportunity to get a new iPhone annually and AppleCare+ on the new iPhone Upgrade Program. Monthly payments start at $32 (US) and $37 (US), respectively.5 For more information on the iPhone Upgrade Program visit www.apple.com/shop/iphone/iphone-upgrade-program or a US Apple Retail Store.
 Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US.
 Beginning September 26, customers will be able to visit Apple.com to reserve their iPhone for pick-up at their local Apple Store, based on availability. Most Apple stores will also have iPhone available for walk-in customers each day.
 Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of colors and Lightning Docks in color-matched metallic finishes will also be available.
 Every customer who buys an iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus at an Apple Retail Store will be offered free Personal Setup to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more, so theyll be up and running with their new iPhone before they leave the store.
 Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPhones or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple store.

1 iPhone is available by reservation only in China, Hong Kong, Japan and US stores in tax-free states.

2 As measured by the App Store on September 19, 2015.

3 Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.

4 Prices are rounded to the nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and eligibility may apply.

5 Prices are rounded to the nearest dollar. The iPhone Upgrade Program is available to qualified customers only with a valid US personal credit card. Requires a 24-month installment loan with a 0% Annual Percentage Rate from Citizens Bank, N.A. (subject to any interest, fees, or other costs payable to the issuer of the credit card), purchase of AppleCare+ and iPhone activation with a national carrier  AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile or Verizon. Full terms apply.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Announces Record iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus Sales

iPhone Available in 40 Additional Countries Beginning Friday, October 9
CUPERTINO, California  September 28, 2015  Apple today announced it has sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models, a new record, just three days after launch. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in more than 40 additional countries beginning October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan. The new iPhones will be available in over 130 countries by the end of the year.

Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first weekend sales results in Apples history, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. Customers feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos, and we cant wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even more countries on October 9.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhones revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you press the display, letting you do essential things more quickly and simply. The new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life, transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories. Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps*, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

Customers are encouraged to check the Apple Store app or Apple.com to receive updates on availability and estimated delivery dates. Every customer who buys an iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus at an Apple Retail Store will be offered free Personal Setup service, helping them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more, so theyll be up and running with their new iPhone before they leave the store. Customers can also learn more about iOS 9 and their new device through free workshops at all Apple retail stores worldwide. In the US, the new iPhones are also available through AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and additional carriers, and select Apple Authorized Resellers including Best Buy, Target and Walmart.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will roll out worldwide to more than 40 additional countries and territories beginning October 9 including Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Maldives, Mexico, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Taiwan. On October 10, countries include Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in India, Malaysia and Turkey on Friday, October 16 and in over 130 countries by the end of the year.

Sales completed by Saturday, September 26 will be included in Apples 2015 fourth fiscal quarter results, and sales completed on Sunday, September 27 will be included in Apples 2016 first fiscal quarter results.

Pricing & Availability  iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are available in gold, silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes for $0 down with 24 monthly payments starting at $27 (US) and $31 (US), respectively, from Apples retail stores in the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.**
 Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of colors and Lightning Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are also available.
 Exclusively at Apples retail stores in the US, customers can choose their carrier and get an unlocked iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus with the opportunity to get a new iPhone annually and AppleCare+ on the new iPhone Upgrade Program. Monthly payments start at $32 (US) and $37 (US), respectively. For more information on the iPhone Upgrade Program visit www.apple.com/shop/iphone/iphone-upgrade-program or a US Apple Retail Store.***
 Customers can visit Apple.com to reserve their iPhone for pick-up at their local Apple Store, based on availability. Most Apple stores also have iPhone available for walk-in customers each day.

*Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.
**Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and eligibility may apply.
***The iPhone Upgrade Program is available to qualified customers only with a valid US personal credit card. Requires a 24-month installment loan with Citizens Bank, N.A. and iPhone activation with a national carrier  AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile or Verizon. Full terms apply.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
OS X El Capitan Available as a Free Update Tomorrow

Refined Experience and Improved Performance Make Your Mac Better than Ever
CUPERTINO, California  September 29, 2015  Apple today announced that OS X El Capitan, the latest major release of the worlds most advanced desktop operating system, will be available on Wednesday, September 30 as a free update for Mac users. El Capitan builds on the groundbreaking features and beautiful design of OS X Yosemite, refining the Mac experience with updates to window management, built-in apps and Spotlight search, and performance improvements to make everyday activities  like launching and switching apps, opening PDFs and accessing email  faster and more responsive.

People love using their Macs, and one of the biggest reasons is the power and ease-of-use of OS X, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. El Capitan refines the Mac experience and improves performance in a lot of little ways that make a very big difference. Feedback from our OS X beta program has been incredibly positive and we think customers are going to love their Macs even more with El Capitan.

Refinements to the Mac Experience
El Capitan gives you simpler and smarter ways to do the things you do most with your Mac. A streamlined Mission Control makes it easier to see and organize everything you have open on your Mac. With a single swipe, Mission Control arranges all your windows in a single layer so you can find the window you need even faster. When your desktop gets crowded, simply drag a window to the top of your screen to create a new Space and spread out your work. And the new Split View feature automatically positions two app windows side-by-side in full screen so you can work with both apps without distraction.

Spotlight gets even smarter in El Capitan. You can now use Spotlight to check stock prices, weather conditions and forecasts, sports scores, schedules and standings, and even athlete information. You can also search with Spotlight to find a file using natural language. Simply type email from Harrison in April or presentation I worked on yesterday and Spotlight will help you find exactly what you are looking for. You can resize the Spotlight window to display more results or move it anywhere on your desktop.

OS X built-in apps are even better in El Capitan. Safari now features Pinned Sites to keep your favorite websites open and active and a new mute button to quickly silence browser audio from any tab. Mail introduces Smart Suggestions, which recognizes names or events in a Mail message and prompts you to add them to your contacts or calendar with a single click. You can also swipe to delete messages, just like in iOS, and juggle multiple emails while Mail is in full screen. In Photos, you can now edit locations, batch change descriptions, sort albums by date or title, and take editing to the next level with third-party editing extensions from your favorite developers.

El Capitan features an all-new Notes app that lets you drag and drop photos, PDFs, videos and other files into a note, and add content directly from other apps, such as Safari web links or Maps locations, using the Share menu. Easy-to-create checklists help you keep track of important to-do items, and the new Attachments Browser organizes your attachments in one simple view, making it easy to find what youre looking for. With iCloud, your notes stay in sync so you can create notes on one device and edit them or check off items on your other devices.

Improvements to System Performance
OS X El Capitan improves system performance across your Mac, making many of the things you do everyday faster and more responsive. Metal, Apples groundbreaking graphics technology, accelerates Core Animation and Core Graphics to boost system-level rendering by up to 50 percent, and efficiency by up to 40 percent, resulting in faster graphics performance for everyday apps.* Metal also takes full advantage of your CPU and GPU, delivering up to 10 times faster draw call performance for a richer, more fluid experience in games and pro apps.*

El Capitan also features enhanced international language support, including a new Chinese system font for both Traditional and Simplified, with 50,000 beautifully designed characters for crisp on-screen readability. Chinese keyboard input methods now offer regularly updated vocabulary lists and a smarter candidate window. El Capitan makes entering Japanese text faster by automatically transforming Hiragana into written Japanese and reducing the need to individually select and confirm word conversions. You can now also select the perfect font for your documents using four new Japanese typefaces.

Pricing & Availability
OS X El Capitan is available as a free update starting Wednesday, September 30 from the Mac App Store. El Capitan supports all Macs introduced in 2009 and later, and some models introduced in 2007 and 2008.

*Testing conducted by Apple in August 2015 using 2.7GHz Intel Core i5based 13-inch MacBook Pro systems with 128GB of flash storage and 8GB of RAM. Tested with prerelease OS X v10.11. Not all features are available on all devices. Performance will vary based on system configuration, application workload, and other factors.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Brings Apple Music, iTunes Movies & iBooks to Customers in China Starting Today

BEIJING  September 30, 2015  Apple today announced that Apple Music, iTunes Movies and iBooks are now available to customers in China. Apple Music combines an extensive and diverse music library with the knowledge of world-class music experts who have programmed playlists and radio stations just for you. Launching with millions of songs in its catalog, Apple Music in China features music from artists including Eason Chan, Li Ronghao, JJ Lin and G.E.M., as well as a wide range of international artists including Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran and many more. Fans can also rent or purchase movies from a great selection of Chinese studios as well as Hollywood blockbusters on the iTunes Store, in addition to enjoying paid and free books from the iBooks Store. For the first time, customers in China will have access to Apples entertainment ecosystem with music, movies and books right at their fingertips.

Customers in China love the App Store and have made it our largest market in the world for app downloads, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. One of the top requests has been more great content and were thrilled to bring music, movies and books to China, curated by a local team of experts.

Apple Music
Apple Music is a single, intuitive app that combines the best ways to enjoy music  all in one place. You can stream any Apple Music song, playlist or album, and download it for future offline listening. Our world class music experts have programmed an abundance of playlists for any genre or activity, in addition to creating hand-crafted radio stations powered by Apple Musics extensive music catalog. Apple Music also offers an invaluable way for artists to connect with fans. Through Connect, artists can share lyrics, backstage photos, videos or even release their latest song directly to fans from their iPhone. Apple Music in China features an incredible selection of local and international music from all the major and many independent labels, with more music being added regularly.  Customers can enjoy Apple Music on their iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, PC and Android phones.*

iTunes Movies
Through the iTunes Store, customers can rent or purchase movies, with most titles available in stunning HD, and enjoy the ultimate movie experience from any device, wherever and whenever they want. Check out recent blockbusters such as Jurassic World, Furious 7, and Avengers: Age of Ultron, as well as movies from local studios including Bona, Huayi Brothers and 1905. With iTunes Extras, customers can also experience special features such as behind-the-scenes footage. As a token of appreciation, the recent Chinese hit, The Taking of Tiger Mountain, will be offered for free to all customers in China for a limited time.

iBooks
The iBooks Store offers customers a wide selection of both paid and free Chinese language books from top local publishers, including Big Head Son & Little Head Dad by Zheng Chunhua, The Family Belongings of Chinese People by Ma Hongjie, and for the first time in China, Stephenie Meyers Twilight series will be available in a digital format. Purchased books are available anytime on customers Apple devices.

With iCloud, all of your iTunes purchases can be accessed from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac or PC regardless of which device you used to make the purchase. iCloud also remembers where you are in your favorite movies or books no matter which device youre viewing them on.

Pricing & Availability
Starting on September 30, music fans in China are invited to a three-month trial membership of Apple Music, after which a 10 RMB/month subscription fee will apply. There will also be a family plan providing service for up to six family members available for just 15 RMB/month. Apple Music requires initial sign up. At the end of the trial period, the membership will automatically renew and payment method will be charged on a monthly basis until auto-renewal is turned off in account settings. Family plan requires iCloud Family Sharing. Visit http://www.apple.com/cn/icloud/family-sharing/ for more information.

Movies on iTunes will be available starting at 5 RMB for rental in HD and 18 RMB to buy new releases in HD. Paid iBooks start at 0.5 RMB.

*Apple Music will be coming to Android phones this fall.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.

                           Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) will introduce new entry-level PC processors in the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2016 despite the prevalent weakness in the PC market, according to recent reports by Digitimes. Intel's shares have been on a downward trend since the start of fiscal year 2015 (FY15) primarily due to the weak demand for PCs. In late August, the stock fizzled down to its 52-week low of $24.87.
The downturn in the overall PC market has urged the chip maker to seek other revenue streams as a result of which Intel acquired a programmable chip maker, Altera Corporation. Moreover, Intel has also made strides in the manufacture of memory chips. It launched 3D Xpoint technology alongside Micron technology. Wall Street analysts consider Intel's upcoming 3D Xpoint technology to be revolutionary and are hence bullish over it.
Despite the soft PC market, demand for mini PCs and gaming notebooks has remained strong, especially those equipped with Intels entry-level processors. The chip maker is already expected to roll out its Apollo Lake processors in the second half of FY16 along with several entry-level PC offerings which are to follow after another two months. The company plans to make gains from the deteriorating PC market with inexpensive and mini PCs powered by entry-level processors much like Pentium and Celeron.
Intel has also recently rewarded its shareholders through healthy reports at its annual analysts day. The company managed to restore investor confidence with the announcement of a hike in quarterly cash dividends as well as its full-year 2016 outlook. Furthermore, Intel has announced that it will spend more than $5.5 billion to convert its old factory in China to manufacture its 3D NAND technology. Intel Corporation stock is up by 0.23% to trade at $34.77 in today's pre-market trade.                        

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap End of Day Report
Snapshot
Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), of the Technology sector was at a price of 34.77 today, marking a change of 0.90%. Intel Corporation forecasts a earnings per share growth of 22.20% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 16.00% and its debt to equity is currently 0.37. Intel Corporation has a market cap of 164079.63 and its gross margin is 62.90%.
Dividend
Intel Corporation has a dividend yield of 2.76%. Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on Intel Corporations 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 40.79%, a 52 week high of -5.50%, and a simple moving average of 7.50% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 20207313 with an average volume of 29813.08. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
Intel Corporation has a forward P/E of 14.7 and a P/E of 14.86. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. Intel Corporation has a P/S of 2.97 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for Intel Corporation are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of 7.50%, a 52 week high of -5.50%, and a 52 week low of 40.79%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. Intel Corporation has a gap of 0.26%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.


	
	
	
	

        

                    On Oct. 28, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) filed its annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission, giving a very thorough overview of its financial results for its fiscal year 2015. In this report, the company includes a number of significant risk factors to its business.
Although the intent of this article isn't to suggest that these risks will actually materialize or to disparage Apple (I think that Apple runs a wonderful business), I do believe that it's important -- even for those bullish on a company and its shares -- to understand what could go wrong.
Here are three risks that Apple lists in its annual report that are worth knowing.
Let's talk competition According to Apple, one risk factor is that "global markets for the company's products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets."
Apple says that its "ability to compete successfully" is dependent on "its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace."
In order to make sure it stay competitive, Apple notes that it needs to "make significant investments in research and development."
Fortunately for investors, it would seem that the company is making the necessary big bets here in order to try to maintain its dominance in the high end of the mobile device market, as you can see below:

Data source: YCharts.
Apple's dependence on others for product distribution Apple states in its annual report that it relies on network carriers, wholesalers, national and regional retailers, and value-added resellers to get its products to customers. Additionally, as most investors are probably aware, the company also sells products directly to end users via its website as well as through Apple-owned retail stores.
Wireless carriers, Apple points out, that provide network service for its iPhone "typically subsidize users' purchases of the device." According to Apple,a risk that arises from this is that "there is no assurance that such subsidies will be continued at all or in the same amounts upon renewal of [Apple's] agreements with these carriers or in agreements [Apple] enters into with new carriers."
Also noted in its annual report is that some of its resellers view Apple's continued investments in its own online and retail stores as "conflicting with their business interests as distributors and resellers of [Apple's] products."
This, Apple says, might discourage these resellers "from investing resources in the distribution and sale" of Apple products or might even lead them to "limit or cease distribution" of Apple products altogether.
That being said, Apple says that it has historically invested, and will continue to invest, in "programs to enhance reseller sales." The company warns, though, that such programs "could require a substantial investment while providing no assurance of return or incremental revenue."
Sole sourcing is risky Apple states that it "currently obtains components from single or limited sources." This, the company says, means that it's "subject to significantly supply and pricing risks."
To try to mitigate those risks, it "has entered into agreements for the supply of many components."
Unfortunately, even this isn't enough to completely eliminate the risk of potential supply issues as Apple points out that "there can be no assurance that [it] will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all."
Additionally, per Apple, a number of its suppliers "may suffer from poor financial conditions." This, it warns, means that those suppliers could either go out of business or get snapped up by competitors. It feels that these scenarios could make it even harder for it to get enough components to satisfy demand for its products.
Apple also says that its products use some "custom components" that "are not common" to the rest of the mobile device, media device, and personal computer industries. It cautions that in the case when such a component or product employs novel technologies, "initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers' yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased."
3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable Dies Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click herefor their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think!
                    
                

                    
Apple's newest iPhone 6s and its first-to-market 3D Touch feature point to an innovative company, regardless of relatively small R&D spend. Image source: Flickr user Karlis Dambrans.
For technology companies, the ability to create new or improved products and services is paramount. In an industry rife with disruption, only companies that innovate are able to continue to reward investors over the long term. However, this disruption certainly doesn't come cheap. For most Silicon Valley firms, their research and development operating expenses comprise a large percentage of its revenue.
For investors, however, research and development expense is somewhat of a double-edged sword. As previously stated, investors need technology companies to innovate, but on the other, these are tangible costs that will no longer tumble down the income statement as earnings.
In a perfect world, a company would be able to innovate on the cheap -- that is, to spend a low portion of its total revenue on research and development and still bring high-quality innovations to market. It seems tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is doing just that. So while Apple is spending less money, it's doing so in a more prudent manner.
Apple's spending less Compared with other large tech-related companies (viaBloomberg), Apple spends a much smaller percentage of its top line on research and development. In its last full fiscal year, Apple spent a total of $8.1 billion on the line item, or approximately 3.5% of its revenue during the period. For a comparison to other companies, see this table:


CompanyRevenue (FY)R&D (FY)R&D as % of Revenue



Apple
$233
$8.1
3.5%


Alphabet
$66
$9.2
15%


Qualcomm
$25.3
$5.6
22%


Facebook
$12.5
$2.6
21%



Source: Bloomberg Business. Dollar figures in billions.
Apple's research and development spend as a percentage of revenue is much larger than all others. This is partially due to the large discrepancy between its massive top line and other companies, as its $8.1 billion research and development spend is larger on a raw-figure basis than all but Alphabet, but also due to a disciplined spend approach that goes back to founder Steve Jobs' vision and statement that "innovation has nothing to do with how many dollars you have."
But is Apple being innovative enough? Of course, it's hard to accurately gauge the effectiveness of research and development spend in the short run for a variety of reasons. First, in many cases, research merely becomes an improvement to an existing product, making it difficult to assess its individual effects from a profit standpoint.
In addition, the gestation period of innovation to income-statement contribution can be shockingly long. An example is Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which invests a portion of its research and development spend into what it affectionately calls "moonshots," high-risk, high-return projects such as its Wing drone delivery project or its Loon project of high-altitude Internet-delivering balloons. Could these be huge revenue drivers in the future? Who knows, but right now these projects only show up as expenses on the income statement.
The question, of course, is whether Apple is being prudent in its relatively small research and development outlay. For the reasons I've mentioned, it's hard to truly answer this question, but the signs point to yes. The company continues to perfect its signature iPhone, adding 3D Touch to its newest model, and has brought its first post-Jobs device -- the Apple Watch -- to market.
These are signs the company is doing fine from an innovation standpoint -- not to mention Bloomberg's data is incomplete.
Innovation is innovation -- whether purchased or created in-house While Bloomberg's data is correct -- it's technically correct that Apple spends a low figure on in-house research and development -- that's not the only way the company acquires innovation. Company acquisitions are also a way for an acquirer to get its hands on game-changing innovations. And since this doesn't show up as an R&D expense, it renders Bloomberg's analysis incomplete.
In fiscal 2015, Apple recorded nearly $350 million after a massive $3.8 billionoutlay last fiscal year, which included its high-profile purchase of Beats Audio. In this calendar year alone, Apple's purchased at least 10 companies with technology to improve Siri, Apple Maps, device cameras, and iCloud. The key point for investors is that Apple appears to be able to either create or acquire the technology it needs to compete.The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
                    
                

                    
Image source: Apple.
You're probably familiar with the argument that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) tablet business isn't going so hot right now. Unit sales have been steadily declining for a couple of years, leading to some pessimism and negative press. But the issue right now isn't specific to Apple; it's a categorical decline that we're seeing. The broader tablet market is contracting, and the primary reason is that consumers haven't yet voted with their wallets what an average upgrade cycle will be.
Investors now have more evidence that the tablet upgrade cycle is a little longer than you think.
Survey saysEarlier this month, right before the iPad Pro launched, Localytics released some estimates on the composition of the current iPad installed base. Localytics is a life-cycle engagement platform and looked at over 50 million iPads to derive its figures. According to Localytics, the iPad 2 remains the most popular iPad model out in the wild, representing 20% of all iPad models as of October 2015.

Source: Localytics.
The figures echo the company's estimates from October 2014 when the iPad 2 had a 27% share of all iPads. Localytics notes that Apple's most recent models (iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, and iPad mini 4) have a combined share of just 12%. The iPad 2's continued strength may come as a surprise since the device was originally released way back in 2011. Despite its age, the iPad 2 had a good long run. It wasn't discontinued until 2014.
What this tells us about the tablet marketThe iPad 2's prevalence tells investors two main things about the tablet market. The first is that many of the tablet adopters between 2011 and 2014 opted for a more affordable tablet. While the iPad 2 was the flagship $500 model for the first year, it cascaded to lower price points over time, as Apple likes to do. This suggests consumers are still somewhat tenuous about buying a pricier flagship, even if that extra $100 buys features like a high-resolution Retina display.
The second, and perhaps more obvious, observation is that those consumers who bought iPad 2 models aren't upgrading them. At least not yet. This makes sense because as a product category, smartphones and laptops will always take priority when it comes to upgrading.
Interestingly, it's not as if the annual performance gains are mitigating like the PC has been seeing for years. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) hasn't been all that focused on boosting CPU performance recently; it's been focusing on improving integrated graphics performance and power efficiency. Typically, the rate of upgrades is somewhat commensurate with the performance gains since there's much more reason to upgrade for a 40% jump in performance (such as the A7 to A8X) than a 5% increase (such as Haswell to Broadwell). But Apple's chip performance has been skyrocketing.

Image source: Apple.
Yet the iPad upgrade cycle doesn't appear to be driven by performance increases. This also implies that use cases don't demand greater performance. Maybe things like reading books, browsing the Web, or sending emails are dominant tablet activities for the average consumer. Upgrade cycles are also related to usage levels, since obviously no one upgrades a device that they don't use. But Tim Cook has long maintained that iPad owners are very engaged and use their iPads regularly.
It's not if, but whenThe encouraging thing here for Apple investors is that it's incredibly unlikely that iPad owners will never upgrade their tablets again. It's just taking a little bit longer than expected. But when those users are due for an upgrade, we know through history that they're almost assured to buy another iPad as opposed to switching to another platform.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
                    
                

			
			
						
		
	
	

		

			
			
			
			
			
			
				
			

		

							
				
									
			
		
		

					Popular Posts:
			7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2016The Rally Is Over, Sell Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Now!Credit Suisse: Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Has 49% Upside		

							Recent Posts:

			

									Ambarella Inc: Why AMBA Stock Is a STEAL Before Q3 Earnings
									Apple Inc.s Brilliantly Evil iPhone 7 Feature Will Enrage You (AAPL)
									Under Armour Inc: Why UA Stock May Have a MISERABLE Q4
				
				
					
						View All Posts
					
				

			
		
        		
						
				googletag.display( 'div-gpt-ad-981305413411433716-17' );
			
					
				
					

	

		Apple Inc. (AAPL) isnt exactly known for conformity. In fact, the Cupertino, California-based company is famous (or infamous, depending on your perspective) for marching to the beat of its own drum.
But if you want to listen to that proverbial drumbeat on next yearsiPhone 7, you may need a pair of wireless headphones, which Apple will gleefully upcharge you for.
Thats right folks, AAPL may be doing away with the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack altogether  a ubiquitous feature of modern mobile technology. And I hate to say it, but it makes a lot of sense.
Heres the rationale behind the move, which would be equal parts evil, brilliant and absolutely infuriating.
Trimmingthe Fat
Before getting into the logic behind the change, I should be clear: This is only a rumored change to the iPhone 7. AAPL plays information on its future products close to the chest, and confirming amajor change like this to its flagship product almost a year before its release would be very un-Apple-like.
5 Big Pharma Stocks to Buy (And 2 Busts to Avoid!)
The rumors stem from the Japanese Apple blog MacOtakara, which cites a reliable source as saying the iPhone 7 will literally be too thin to incorporate the 3.5 mm headphone jack. In turn, AAPL will force its sonically inclined customers to use Bluetooth headphones or headphones that plug into Apples proprietary Lightning port.
This doesnt imply that AAPL would make theiPhone 7thinner than 3.5mm  the iPhone 6S is 7.1mm, so thatd be quite a jump  but that headphone jack still limits things if youre constantly seeking out the slimmer, sexier phone design.
While these are merely rumors right now, Id be shocked if Apple didnt do this. After all, they can generate extra accessories revenue from adapter sales for those who dont own bluetooth headphones or dont want to shell out that kind of dough. Its not hard to imagine AAPL charging $29.99 for a Lightning port-to-headphone jack adapter.
More importantly though, Apple owns Beats, the streaming audio and headphones company AAPL bought for $3 billion last year. Conveniently, Beats already makes wireless, bluetooth-enabled headphones that run anywhere from $199 to $379 a pop. Talk about synergies.
Its also important to Appleand its top brass that it continue to be viewed as an innovator, however shallow that may sound. Apples vigilant march toward design simplicity means that eradicating wires wherever possible is not only a logical next step, butactually not that revolutionary as far as Apple is concerned.
From Apples notorious refusal to support Adobe (ADBE) Flash, to the abandonment of the standard USB port in the newest MacBook, all the way back to the controversial decision to ship the iMac without a floppy disk drive back in 1998, AAPL has been stubbornly forcing design in its own direction for decades.
Of course, Apple runs the risk of alienating customers who dont feel like buying pricey Bluetooth headphones or an adapter, but the company is actually making a larger bet that could pay off big.
Last year, it released specs to manufacturers on how to make headphones that connect to the Lightning port  so being a first mover in sending the headphone jack the way of the dodo may indeed be the endgame.
As an Apple shareholder, Im excited. As a consumer, Im less than enthused.
As of this writing, John Divine was long AAPL stock. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.
More From InvestorPlace
Apple Stock Needs India to Drive Growth (AAPL)
Black Friday: Amazon Stock Takes Larger Bite out of Shrinking Pie (AMZN)
The Only 6 Energy Stocks With A Ratings

	

	

			
			 Well-respected Seeking Alpha contributor Paulo Santos recently put forth the argument that by no later than the second quarter of its fiscal year 2016, Apple  will start seeing year-over-year declines in iPhone unit sales.
He gives a number of risks Apple faces that he believes could drive this, but one, in particular, stood out to me: the "virtual reality risk."(You can read the full articlehere.)
Santos notes that the iPhone 6s features a display resolution of just 1334 x 750 -- low compared to displays found on other mobile flagships -- which will prove a disadvantage as the "virtual reality boom" happens.
Indeed, Santos rightly argues that in order for a smartphone to function well as a virtual reality display as part of a virtual reality headset (such as the Samsung  Gear VR), it needs to feature a very high resolution in order to display a clear image in which individual pixels cannot be discerned.
Although I can see where Santos is coming from, I believe the "virtual reality risk" that Apple supposedly faces is more or less immaterial. Here's why.
Can a smartphone really deliver enough performance for a good VR experience? Perhaps the most well-known upcoming VR headset is the Oculus Rift. The device features two displays (one in each eye) running at a display resolution of 1080 x 1200 per eye, and each display is refreshed at a rate of 90 times per second.
In order to drive that many pixels and to be able to render content at 90 frames per second requires some very serious computing/graphics horsepower. Just how much, exactly?
Well, Oculus tells users that the minimum computing requirements for gaming on the Oculus Rift are as follows:

 
 GeForce GTX 970/Radeon R9 290 
 Core i5-4590 
 At least 8 gigabytes of memory 


This kind of horsepower is well above what one will be able to find in the world's best mobile devices, and I don't think people should expect to see this kind of power in a phone anytime soon.
What's even more interesting, though, is that these are minimum requirements. According to NVIDIA  CEO Jen-Hsun Huang on the company's most recent earnings call, his "recommendation" for a VR-capable system would be the company's GeForce GTX 980 Ti (a roughly $650 stand-alone graphics card) as the "baseline."
I submit to the reader that it will be a very long time before smartphones are anything close to the virtual reality devices of choice simply due to the fact that they are, and will likely be for a long while yet, underpowered.
Even if some Android phones are "better" for VR, who really cares? There has been a lot of hype around virtual reality, and I do think it could catch on within the high-end PC gaming community, in particular.
At the same time, though, I think the suggestion that Apple may be poised to lose market share because the iPhone 6s doesn't have a display resolution high enough to deliver a good virtual reality experience isn't convincing.
Indeed, I will make the bold prediction that by the time VR capability is something that actually matters to smartphone buyers (which may be never, quite frankly), Apple will have increased the display resolutions on all of its iPhones significantly, rendering this entire "issue"moot.
The article Does Apple Inc. Truly Face a Virtual Reality Risk? originally appeared on Fool.com.
Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Nvidia. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Copyright 1995 - 2015 The Motley Fool, LLC. All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.

														Analysts are weighing in on the technology giantApple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and aerospace giant Boeing Co (NYSE:BA).Heres a quick roundup of todaysbullish brokerage notes on AAPL and BA.

Apple Inc.
Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garchaand hisAsia Technology team published a report showing that iPhone supply chain orders in Asia continue to face stagnation. The report shows that Apple has recently lowered its orders from suppliers, and that the company plans to build 70 million to 75 million iPhones in December and 45 million to 50 million iPhones in March, lower than what Wall Street has been expecting.
However, Garchareiterated anOutperform rating on Apple shares,with a price target of $140,which implies an upside of 19% from current levels.
Garchacommented, The CS Asia Technology Team has confirmed in their most recent November survey that the iPhone supply chain orders will be weaker than originally forecast. In our view, the continued weak supply chain news could weigh on Apple shares for the next few weeks/quarters. We continue to believe that with high retention rates, continued installed base growth, and the optionality of a smaller 4-inch iPhone.
According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts and bloggers success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Kulbinder Garcha has a total average return of 7.6% and a 55% success rate. Garcha has a 20% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #438 out of 3644 analysts.

Out of the 50 analysts polled by TipRanks, 37 rate Apple stock a Buy, 11 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 27%, the stocks consensus target price stands at $148.86.

Boeing Co
In a research report issued today, Deutsche Bank analyst Myles Walton maintained a Buy rating on shares ofBoeing,with a price target of $175, which represents a potential upside of 18.5% from where the stock is currently trading.
Walton wrote, We expect Boeings board to announce the outcome of their annual capital deployment meeting on December 14, 2015. The release dates for the last two years were after the close of markets on December 15, 2014 and December 16, 2013. We expect the company to announce both a material dividend increase (15%) and an increase to their outstanding share repurchase authorization (increase authorization to $12B),
The analyst continued, We are modeling a (Street-high) 15% increase in BAs annual dividend following the 25% increase in December 2014 and the 50% increase in December 2013, which would imply a 2016 div yield of 2.7%. We continue to see the dividend as one of the best signals for investors to get confidence in sustainable cash flow growth (implied payout ratio on DBe 2016 EPS would be 44%).
According to TipRanks.com, analyst Myles Walton has a total average return of 8.9% and a 73.5% success rate. Walton has an 18% average return when recommending BA, and is ranked #175 out of 3644 analysts.
Out of the 18 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 13 rate Boeing stock a Buy, 4 rate the stock a Hold and 1 recommends a Sell. With a return potential of 11%, the stocks consensus target price stands at $164.36.



						

                           Micron Technology, Inc (NASDAQ:MU) stock is up by nearly 4% in intra-day trade today. This is the highest intra-day spike seen in its stock price since November 6. The company's shares currently trade around $16.5, after a slump of more than 53% since January. Todays positive price movement follows today's reports about mobile dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) chip sales.
According to a Chinese report, demand for DRAM chips has improved lately from the Chinese smartphone manufacturers. Shares of Inotera Memories Inc, a Taiwanese DRAM supplier, immediately surged by 4.1% today on the local stock exchange, after this report surfaced. Micron owns a significant stake in Inotera, which also provides access to all its production output to Micron as part of a joint development agreement with Nanya Technology Corporation.
As such, Micron stock has generally followed Inotera throughout the last six years. Even today, Micron shares have followed the movement in the stock price of Inotera. The two companies took major hits during the past year, as PC DRAM and NAND prices continued to decline by 2% and 3.5% on a monthly basis, respectively. Both stocks have plummeted by more than 50% year to date (YTD). However, the report states that a lot of foreign investors in the DRAM industry have turned more optimistic about the second half of the year, mainly because capital expenditure and wafer capacity has slowed, while growth has recovered slightly.
The Chinese phone market has also slowed down in the past year, after the economic crisis. With smartphone market recovery in sight, the DRAM demand decline could also reverse. The inventory buildup will likely cover any sudden upsurge in demand, to allow for pricing levels to rebound. Domestic DRAM suppliers such as Nanya, Winbond, and Inotera are expected to get rid of the downturn next year, on a quarterly basis.                        

                    With shares of memory chip manufacturer Micron (NASDAQ:MU) trading for around $15 per share, down 50% so far this year, investors may be tempted to buy the stock. During fiscal 2015, which ended in the beginning of September, Micron earned $2.47 per share in net profits, putting the trailing price-to-earnings ratio at a meager value of 6.

MU data by YCharts.
Unfortunately, things aren't as simple as they seem. Micron's profits, which have reached record levels over the past two years, are in the process of collapsing. During the fourth quarter, Micron's net income fell by nearly 60% year over year, and the company's guidance for the first quarter calls for its non-GAAP EPS to slump by between 73% and 79% year over year. While some analysts believe Micron's profits are close to bottoming out, I'm not so sure.
Falling DRAM prices Micron manufactures both DRAM and NAND memory chips, and because both are essentially commodities, prices are determined by supply and demand. When demand outpaces supply, like it did in 2014 and the first half of 2015, Micron can record incredible profits. But when supply outpaces demand, like it did in 2012, Micron does very badly, often posting massive losses.

DXI index. Source: DRAMeXchange.

DRAM, which accounts for about two-thirds of Micron's revenue, has been falling in price during the second half of 2015. DRAMeXchange tracks an index that represents the output value of mainstream DRAM chips, and this index fell sharply from June to August of this year-- and after a brief respite, the index is falling sharply again.
Spot prices of specific DRAM variants have declined dramatically since the beginning of June. Here's how a few of them have evolved:

Data from DRAMeXchange.
Of course, the big question is where DRAM prices will go in the future. If Micron can cut its cost-per-bit of DRAM faster than the selling price declines, the company's profits may very well bottom out in the next couple of quarters. But if DRAM prices keep falling sharply, all bets are off.
Gartner expects the oversupply situation in the DRAM market to get much worse in 2016:

While 2015 has already seen an oversupply in the PC segment of the DRAM market, we believe that 2016 will see a more widespread oversupply that will also impact the server and low-power sectors of the DRAM market. DRAM revenue is forecast to decline 12.2 percent in 2016 due to oversupply and resulting weak pricing.

While weak PC demand has hurt the market for PC DRAM this year, demand for smartphone DRAM has remained strong. During the fourth quarter, while profitability in Micron's Compute Networking Business Unit, which contains PC and server DRAM, collapsed compared to the third quarter, profitability in the Mobile Business Unit mostly held up, with revenue growing slightly.
But the smartphone market is not growing anywhere near as fast as it once was. Gartner reported that worldwide smartphone unit sales rose by 13.5% year over year during the second quarter, the slowest rate in years, driven by a 4% decline in China. With DRAM manufacturers actively shifting capacity to mobile, the risk of overestimating mobile demand is very real.
New competition One thing Micron has going for it is industry consolidation. There are only three major DRAM manufacturers remaining, the other two being Samsung and SK Hynix, and the bull argument for Micron hinges on fewer competitors leading to less violent swings in DRAM prices. The hope is that Micron's profitability will bottom out above break-even, which would be a drastic shift from the past.
Unfortunately for Micron, new competition appears to be on the horizon. In July, it was reported that state-owned Chinese tech company Tsinghua Unigroup was preparing a $23 billion bid to acquire Micron. Regulatory issues make the deal unlikely, with Micron itself stating that the deal is not possible due to national security concerns.
According to The Wall Street Journal, Tsinghua has changed course, with plans to invest more than $12 billion in an effort to build a memory chip business in China. Most of the cash, which will be raised in a private placement, will be used to build a memory chip factory, with the rest going toward acquisitions of semiconductor companies.
While it will likely take at least a few years, and possibly longer, before the company produces any memory chips, the prospect of raising the number of major DRAM manufacturers back to four kills one of the arguments for investing in Micron.
While Micron stock looks cheap, the company is facing some pretty serious headwinds. If weakness in the DRAM market broadens in 2016, as Gartner is predicting, Micron's profitably is unlikely to bottom out anytime soon, and when it does, it's very possible the company will be in the red, depending on how far prices fall. Looking out further, the potential addition of a major Chinese competitor could essentially undo the consolidation in the DRAM industry. The bottom line: Micron is a risky investment despite its seemingly attractive valuation.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early, in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
                    
                

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Morning Report
Snapshot
Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU), of the Technology sector was at a price of 15.93 today, marking a change of 2.38%. Micron Technology, Inc. forecasts a earnings per share growth of -2.40% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 14.20% and its debt to equity is currently 0.6. Micron Technology, Inc. has a market cap of 17296 and its gross margin is 32.20%.
Dividend
Micron Technology, Inc. has a dividend yield of . Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on Micron Technology, Inc.s 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 18.00%, a 52 week high of -56.46%, and a simple moving average of -2.94% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 13235300 with an average volume of 25673.58. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
Micron Technology, Inc. has a forward P/E of 6.98 and a P/E of 6.48. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. Micron Technology, Inc. has a P/S of 1.07 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for Micron Technology, Inc. are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of -2.94%, a 52 week high of -56.46%, and a 52 week low of 18.00%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. Micron Technology, Inc. has a gap of 0.19%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Afternoon Report
Snapshot
Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL), of the Technology sector was at a price of 39.08 today, marking a change of 0.28%. Oracle Corporation forecasts a earnings per share growth of -7.10% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 12.20% and its debt to equity is currently 0.87. Oracle Corporation has a market cap of 166192.64 and its gross margin is 79.80%.
Dividend
Oracle Corporation has a dividend yield of 1.54%. Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on Oracle Corporations 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 11.65%, a 52 week high of -15.16%, and a simple moving average of 2.76% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 7420388 with an average volume of 15917.7. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
Oracle Corporation has a forward P/E of 13.64 and a P/E of 18.3. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. Oracle Corporation has a P/S of 4.36 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for Oracle Corporation are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of 2.76%, a 52 week high of -15.16%, and a 52 week low of 11.65%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. Oracle Corporation has a gap of 0.05%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        

                    
Image source: Apple.
This holiday shopping season will be an important test for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)since it will be the first shopping season for Apple Watch. Apple doesn't enter new product categories very often, but when it does it jumps in with both feet and always makes a splash.
As the first new category that Apple has entered in the Tim Cook era, the wearable device is especially symbolic as to how well Apple can innovate post-Jobs. With Apple already one of the top players in the wearables market, its performance will also be representative of the broader product category.
The good news is that retailers are already aggressively promoting Apple Watch, offering the device with hefty Black Friday discounts along with other gadgets, andIBM Watson says Apple Watch is at the top of many shopping lists. If you wanted to be cynical, you might argue that Apple's distribution channels and retail partners are trying to clear out inventory if sales thus far have been underwhelming. Investors won't know for sure since Apple won't disclose anything. Apple doesn't even indicate whether or not Apple Watch channel inventory is within management's target range like it does for other product categories.
Let's see what the Street has to say.
Word on the StreetFBR Capital analyst Daniel Ives is out with a research note after conducting some store checks during the Black Friday weekend. Ives says that consumer interest for Apple Watch at retail stores is on the rise. The analyst is modeling for Apple Watch to sell 5 million to 6 million units during the December quarter.
Apple has a very strong chance to drive adoption of wearable technology in the years ahead, an opportunity that Ives estimates at over $20 billion over the next three years. As the installed base grows and Apple's overall ecosystem strengthens, enterprise opportunities will subsequently arise.
For what it's worth, Ives believes that Apple has shipped 6 million Apple Watch units to date following the April launch. Apple has said that the device was severely supply constrained during the first two months of availability, however.
Reading between the linesIf Ives' models prove accurate, then Apple will have shipped upward of 12 million Apple Watch units in 2015. Compare that to the 6.8 million total smartwatches sold in 2014 or the 18.4 million fitness trackers and smartwatches that Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) has sold over the past four quarters, and you can see that Apple is quickly becoming an influential player. Fitbit is currently the wearables market leader, but Apple threatens to dethrone the freshly public company. This is partly why Fitbit is aggressively moving upmarket into smartwatch territory by adding more and more features to its devices.
I believe that Apple Watch average selling prices are likely in the range of $450 to $500, which would imply Apple Watch revenue of $2.3 billion to $3 billion in the December quarter, based on Ives' unit estimates. Even though that total isn't especially significant financially relative to Apple's overall results, it would be a huge uplift for Apple's other products category. Other products generated $3 billion in revenue last quarter, so if Apple sells $3 billion worth of Watches alone it will enjoy a healthy jump.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
                    
                

                    iPhone 6s. Photo: Apple
Low-cost smartphones have come a long way in recent years.For less than $200, consumers can purchase critically acclaimed handsets powered by Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android, like Motorola's Moto G or Xiaomi's Redmi 2. They certainly don't offer the same level of performance or features as a $649 flagship, but they're capable of accomplishing most tasks.
Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has long resisted the urge to release a low-cost iPhone. It discounts older models, but only slightly: the iPhone 5s, at $450, is still considerably more expensive than the average Android smartphone. This isn't much of a problem in developed economies, where consumers are able to afford Apple's high prices, but it limits emerging market demand. In the past, analysts have regularly called on Apple to release a cheap iPhone aimed at this market -- but those calls have been ignored.
Still, Apple's management sees the value in expanding the total number of iPhone owners. On the company's last earnings call, it laid out an alternative strategy -- one that could help put more iPhones in the hands of budget-constrained consumers.
A byproduct of more frequent upgradesApple is expected to sell around 70 million iPhones this quarter. Some of those handsets will go to first-time smartphone owners, but most buyers -- especially in the U.S. -- will be upgrading from an existing smartphone (and more often than not, an older iPhone). Those used smartphones could be headed to junk drawers or landfills, but an increasing number will make their way to emerging markets.
Firms like Gazelle, Glyde, HYLA Mobile, and Brightstar have been buying and selling used iPhones for years. Generally, phones are purchased from wireless carriers ordirectly from consumers in developed economies, then resold in emerging markets. If you participated in an iPhone trade-in program anytime this year, someone in Vietnam or Bangladesh might be using your old handset at this very moment.
Historically, however, most consumers have held on to their old handsets, even if they didn't intend to use them. In 2013, HYLA Mobile (via Bloomberg) estimated that only 15% of consumers traded in their old smartphones when they purchased new ones. That figure has likely risen in the last two years, and should rise significantly in the quarters to come.
New plans adopted by U.S. wireless carriers that allow for more frequent upgrades also force consumers to trade in their old handsets. Verizon will give iPhone 6s owners the ability to upgrade to an iPhone 7 next year, but only if they're willing to trade in their existing iPhone. The same is true for similar plans from T-Mobile, Sprint, and AT&T. The popularity of these early upgrade programs is expected to rise in the coming months -- Piper Jaffray believes more than half of U.S. iPhone owners will soon begin upgrading on an annual basis. That should mean tens of millions more used iPhones available to emerging market consumers.
U.S. wireless carriers remain the driving force behind this shift, but similar plans are increasingly being offered in other countries, and by Apple itself.
A boon for the App Store and Apple's platformApple's CEO Tim Cook spoke about this trend on the company's most recent earnings call, arguing that it should provide a significant tailwind for Apple's App Store business.

"I would also point out that some of these upgrade programs that are in the market, they sort of began to look more like a subscription business in terms of the way they operate...we think that, in the aggregate, that they may reduce upgrade cycles...also, the iPhone that has been sold to someone else hits the price point that we're not hitting today, largely, which could help further fuel the services revenue which we did quite well on last quarter."

Later in the call, Cook reiterated the point, arguing that used iPhones could provide tough competition for handsets powered by Alphabet's mobile operating system:

"We do like the fact that [early upgrade programs create] a market for...iPhone at a different price point...[that used iPhone is probably a] better product than [what the] customer may be currently buying, which would further help from an ecosystem point of view and that's not to be underestimated."

A used iPhone sold to a consumer doesn't benefit Apple's iPhone business directly, as it collects no revenue on the sale, but it does benefit the company in other ways. A consumer who buys a used iPhone might still purchase some apps from the App Store.Apple's Services segment, which includes the iTunes app store, is now Apple's third-largest business. Last quarter, it generated almost 10% of Apple's total revenue, rising 10% on an annual basis.
The growing number of used iPhones available in these markets could cannibalize some of Apple's own iPhone sales, but given the high price of new iPhones, it's more likely that they'll steal business from low-cost Android vendors. Alphabet's mobile operating system powers about 81% of the smartphones sold globally, with most of its success attributable to emerging market buyers. There won't be enough used iPhones available to make a significant dent in Android's market share, but every additional iPhone user helps as the iOS platform becomes that much more attractive to mobile developers.
Used iPhones may not be the emerging market answer analysts were looking for, but it seems to be the one they'll get.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
                    
                

                    One of the best sources on the Web for learning about the performance and capabilities of the displays found on premier mobile devices is DisplayMate. The author, Dr. Raymond Soneira, generally publishes extremely detailed performance tests and measurements of the latest mobile displays and offers insight into what the future for mobile displays might bring.
In his review of the displays found on the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6/6 Plus, the display expert argued that next generation mobile displays would benefit from expanded color gamuts (beyond the sRGB standard, which most good mobile displays implement these days), or the range of colors that a particular display can actually show.
According to Soneira, OLED displays -- which Apple will reportedly begin to use in its iPhones beginning in 2018 -- can offer wide color gamuts. Traditional LCDs, on the other hand, require new technologies to display a wider range of colors.
Soneira is quite bullish on Quantum Dot LCDs, a technology that enables LCDs to display much wider color gamuts than traditional LCDs can. However, if Apple chooses to widen the color gamut in its next-generation iPhone displays, I don't think it will use Quantum Dots (I'll tell you why shortly).
Here's what it could do instead.
Say, what about that technology in the new iMac? Apple recently refreshed its Retina 5K iMac line and introduced a new Retina 4K iMac. One of the key selling points for these two computers is that the display is able to show a wider color gamut than traditional sRGB known as P3.
According to an article written by Steven Levy, Apple chose not to use Quantum Dots in its Retina 4K and 5K iMac displays due to the fact that this technology requires the use of the toxic element cadmium.
Instead, according to KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple's display suppliers are using a new LED phosphor to display this expanded range of colors. In the aforementioned interview, Apple's John Ternus said this technology allowed Apple to get its wider color gamut "without the environmental downside."
I think this technology might be exactly what Apple and its suppliers implement in the display that shows up in the next generation iPhones.
Why such a move could make sense Although I have no special information about Apple's iPhone 7/7s display plans, I think such a move would make sense given Apple's recent history.
For example, the company first introduced a Force Touch trackpad as part of its new 12-inch MacBook as well as its 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro computers earlier this year. Apple then brought that technology to the (much higher volume) iPhone several months later.
Indeed, display quality is a key part of the smartphone experience. In order for Apple to be able to grow sales year over year in the coming iPhone cycle, the company must, in my view, deliver big improvements in the display, as big improvements there will be among the first things potential customers notice as they look at the new devices and compare them to their current ones.
Higher display resolution and pixel density are certainly one very marketable thing that Apple could pursue with its next generation iPhones (and I suspect both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will see display resolution increases from the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, respectively), but a wider color gamut might be an even better way to "wow" said potential customers.
Indeed, in the Levy piece linked earlier, Ternus was quoted as saying that professionals can immediately see the improvement that a wider color gamut brings and that laymen will "look at it and say, 'Gee, I don't really know why, but it looks better.'"
That's exactly the kind of thing, if witnessed in person, that could convince users of older smartphones, particularly those who aren't quite sure if they want to upgrade, to pull the trigger on a new iPhone.
3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable Dies Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click herefor their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think!
                    
                

                    Popular Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) focused website Patently Apple recently put out a piece pondering whether the Mac maker's upcoming 12-inch MacBook will use either a next generation A10X processor (the successor to the A9X found inside of the iPad Pro) or a next generation Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Core M processor.
I believe Apple will stick to an Intel processor rather than transition to an in-house chip. Here's why.
Intel's financial guidance provides a really good hint According to the usually right Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via AppleInsider), the 12-inch MacBook is now Apple's best-selling PC product, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro coming in second. If this is the case, then I believe that if Intel had lost the spot in the next MacBook (something Intel would know at this point), such a development would have had a material impact on the Chipzilla's financial guidance for 2016.
At its most recent investor meeting, Intel said it expects revenue in its client computing group (CCG) to be anywhere from flat to up by a "low single-digit" percentage from 2015 levels. In light of this guidance, it's hard to believe Intel has lost its spot in the next generation MacBook.
Other reasons why such a move would be impractical In order for Apple to release a MacBook with an A-series processor, it would need to make sure that all of the applications potential customers are interested in running have been rebuilt by developers to work on an ARM (NASDAQ:ARMH) based processor.
Apple would have little trouble in moving over its own applications; it would cost time, money, and manpower, but Apple is certainly capable of porting over native X86 applications to the ARM instruction set on an ARM-compatible version of iOS.
The bigger challenge, in my view, would be in getting third-party developers to port their applications over. Apple could certainly work with big developers to move their code over, but not all applications from the many different software vendors will be ready by the early 2016 timeframe (which is when I'd expect a new MacBook to launch).
To work around this, Apple would need to introduce some sort of emulation capability, similar to what Intel did on Android in order to support the execution of ARM-native apps. In applications that require emulation in order to run, I would expect a significant performance penalty relative to a native implementation running on an Intel processor and, if the application requires a reasonable amount of performance, a real degradation in user experience.
Don't expect Intel to lose this spot anytime soon Although I do think Apple could handle going through a messy architecture transition on the Mac, I think the risk/reward for such a move is quite poor.
Intel already makes best-in-class low-power PC processors and I expect that the performance/features of its Core M product family will only get better out in time as future designs target a roughly 5-watt power envelope from the start (my understanding is that this requirement was added fairly late in the development cycle of the most recently launched Core M chips).
The only way I see Intel really losing a spot to an Apple-designed chip inside of future MacBooks is if Apple loses faith in Intel's PC product pipeline. But if Intel can continue to deliver on significantly improved chip designs with each generation, I just don't see such a transition away from Intel happening for the Mac.
3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable Dies Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click herefor their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think!
                    
                

			
			
						
		
	
	

		

			
			
			
			
			
			
				
			

		

							
				
									
			
		
		

					Popular Posts:
			Mondays Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Facebook Inc (FB) and Walt Disney Co (DIS)Tuesdays Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) and Facebook Inc. (FB)Mondays Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) and National Bank of Greece (NBG)		

							Recent Posts:

			

									Mondays Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Facebook Inc (FB) and Walt Disney Co (DIS)
									Tuesdays Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) and Facebook Inc. (FB)
									HP Inc Earnings Preview: 2 Trades for HPQ Stock
				
				
					
						View All Posts
					
				

			
		
        		
						
				googletag.display( 'div-gpt-ad-948428502746427265-17' );
			
					
				
					

	

		U.S. stock futures are trending higher heading into the open, as Wall Street digests holiday sales data streaming in from Black Friday. According to the National Retail Federation, sales are on track for a 3.7% year-over-year gain due to strong online sales. At last check, futures on the Nasdaq Composite, the S&P 500 Index, and Dow Jones Industrial Average were all higher by an average of 0.15%.
In the options pits, Wednesdays volume was well below the past months average, though low volume was to be expected due to the Thanksgiving holiday. Put options regained their footing on Friday, as the CBOE single-session equity put/call volume ratio rose to one-week high of 0.76. The 10-day moving average held at 0.74.
On the equity options front, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was reiterated at outperform at FBR Capital after Black Friday Apple store checks revealed growing interest in the Apple Watch. Elsewhere, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) caught option trader attention following a search partnership with Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), while volume swelled on Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) after the company reported that ESPN subscribers fell by 3 million year-over-year. 
7 Big-Name Stocks to Dump

Apple Inc. (AAPL)
FBR Capital reiterated AAPL stock with an outperform rating on Friday after analyst Daniel Ives said that data showed increasing interest in the Apple Watch. Per Ives report, this morning, we heard of ramping interest/sales among consumers based on our conversations at various Apple, Target, and Best Buy stores. Apple has struggled in recent months due to perceptions of a lukewarm reception for the Apple Watch. A turnaround in holiday sales for the wearable could be big for AAPL stock.
Option volume was brisk on AAPL for a holiday session. More than 254,000 contracts traded on the stock, with calls accounting for 63% of total volume. Turning to weekly December 4 series options, AAPL options traders have maintained their attention on the overhead $120 and $121 strikes, with 17,762 contracts and 11,177 contracts open at each, respectively. As for puts, 10,766 contracts reside at the out-of-the-money $110 put strike.
Facebook Inc. (FB)
FB stockholders had a lot to crow about last week. The company formed a partnership with Alphabet to help the FB app with indexing on Android devices. The deal boosts FBs app presence on Android and aids Google in acquiring key data on mobile user search. Additionally, MKM Partners highlighted Facebook as a leader in the VR market it estimates to be worth $10 billion by 2020. Facebooks Oculus Rift is expected to roll out in the first quarter of 2016.
FB options traders werent shy with call options on Friday. Volume topped out at 122,230 contracts on the session, with calls accounting for 72% of the days take. As for the weekly December 4 series, FB options traders currently hold significant open positions at the overhead $107 strike (8,114 contracts) and the $106 strike (6,037 contracts). Put activity has been considerably less brisk, with peak OI totaling just 3,211 contracts at the $104 strike, with another 3,501 contracts at the $102 strike.
Walt Disney Co. (DIS)
ESPN continues to hemorrhage subscribers, with the latest reports underscoring the evaporation of 3 million subscribers during the most recent fiscal year. Disney is calling the declines modest, but analysts and DIS stockholders are becoming increasingly nervous amid this growing trend. 
Despite low overall volume in the options pits, DIS saw above average short-term volume on Friday. A total of 102,874 contracts traded on the session, with calls maintaining a slight edge with 57% of the overall take. For the December 4 series, options traders have loaded up on $110 puts on DIS, with OI totaling 10,537 contracts. By comparison, peak call OI for the December 4 series totals just 3,133 contracts at the $120 strike.
As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
More From InvestorPlace
The Only 6 Energy Stocks With A Ratings
5 Bank Stocks to Sell on Rate Hike Fears
8 Beat the Market Stocks to Buy

	

	


                    
Apple's iPad Pro. Image source: Apple.
It is well-known that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad business has been in decline for a couple of years. Market observers generally cite a relatively long tablet-replacement cycle coupled with cannibalization of the iPad by larger iPhones as key reasons for the recent declines in iPad sales.
However, back in October, well-respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo with KGI Securities argued that the "worst is over for iPad." The analyst thinks that iPad average selling prices are poised to rise as a result of sales of the iPad Pro, which should serve to offset continued unit declines.
I think this argument makes a lot of sense. Here's why.
iPad Pro already starts expensive and there's all the reason to buy up The iPad Air 2 starts at $499 (16-gigabyte model with Wi-Fi) all the way up to $829 for a 128-gigabyte version with both Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity.
The iPad Pro with 32 gigabytes of memory starts at $799, with the next model up sporting 128 gigabytes of storage and selling for $949. Apple doesn't offer a cellular version of the 32-gigabyte model, but the 128 gigabyte model with cellular goes for an eye-popping $1,079.
What's interesting is that there's no middle option. For $799, a user is able to get a really fast, well-built device that is almost certainly going to wind up limited by the relatively meager 32 gigabytes of on-board storage. I suspect this will drive many, if not most, iPad Pro customers to choose the higher-end storage configuration.
Additionally, there's clearly a market for iPads with cellular capability, and I'd imagine the proportion of iPad Pro buyers interested in cellular capability (since it is a more professionally oriented device) is higher than among iPad Air/iPad mini buyers. This could tilt the balance further toward the even higher priced and probably higher margin iPad Pro 128-gigabyte model with cellular capability.
One more thing to consider In addition to the fact that iPad Pro may help boost Apple's iPad average selling prices enough to stabilize revenue, it's important to note that a key part of the iPad Pro experience is the $99 Apple Pencil.
The device has generally been praised and seems to be selling quite well. Although a recent report from Kuo suggests the device is simply very tough to manufacture, my guess is the Apple Pencil is still selling quite well relative to the total number of iPad Pros being sold.
Apple almost certainly records Apple Pencil revenue under its "other products" category, which includes "Apple-branded accessories," rather than in its iPad category. Success of the Apple Pencil wouldn't directly impact Apple's iPad revenue and average selling prices, but I do think Apple will be selling much more accessory content per iPad Pro than it does with other iPads, leading to even higher "effective" iPad average selling prices.
How important is iPad to Apple stock? Frankly, although much has been made of the company's iPad business, I don't see it as all that important to the company's share price over the long term. Apple has been and continues to be a company that derives the majority of its revenue and likely an even larger majority of its operating profit from iPhone.
It would certainly be nice if iPad could once again be a growth engine for the company (more revenue/profit growth is always welcome), but I don't think it's going to move the needle for Apple stock either way. As long as Apple can deliver robust iPhone sales growth, Apple stock should do well; should it falter in delivering this growth then, despite what happens with iPad, Apple stock may stagnate or even fall.
3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable Dies Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click herefor their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think!
                    
                

														After a much anticipated Black Friday season, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (NYSE:ANF) came out on top.

Apple Inc.
Despite not lowering prices for the holiday season, Appledrove a Black Friday success for major retailers. The technology giant did not compromise on its brand or differentiation focus strategy to drive sales for the season, particularly for Black Friday where retailers are known to provide deep discounts for a 1-4 day only time period. However, major retailers such as Target and Best Buy were able to have huge success on this day due to its Apple offerings, despite the lack of discounts for its products. Many retailers offeredincentives and bonuses for full-priced Apple products, such as Target, which offered gift cards with the purchase of an iPad or Apple Watch. As Apples iPhone is its best-selling product, analyst Gene Munsterof Piper Jaffray believes that revenue growth directly depends on the upgrade cycle.
In an interview with CNBCs Squak Alley, analyst Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray expressed positive sentiment regarding Apples Black Friday strategy. He commented, If you just look atTargetandBest Buyas two examples, and use them as a barometer, the fact is, theyre really embracing these doorbusters as a sign that demand is pretty healthy here. Additionally, the analysts recent survey indicated narrower gap for iPhone upgrade cycles due to U.S carriers offering a more favorable upgrade plan. He states we believe that the data is an early positive sign that the shift of US carriers to an installment-based smartphone sales model is enabling users to upgrade their devices more frequently. He continues that these more frequent upgrades will yield higher annual iPhone revenues per user, stating We believe the 70% increase in ARPU for iPhone users shifting to annual upgrades driven by the plan is the most important overall financial consideration.
According to TipRanks,which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Gene Munster is ranked #1 out of 3,696 analysts. He has a 70% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 24.5% per recommendation. Out of the 26 analyst who have rated AAPL in the last 3 months, 27 gave a Buy rating while 9 remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $148.77, marking a 26% upside from where shares last closed.

Amazon.com, Inc.
Amazon had a successful Black Friday as well, with third-party sales up 20% from last year since the start of the season. By shopping online with Amazon, customers were able to avoid the infamous Black Friday crowds, as the NRF reported that 103 million people shopped online as opposed to the 102 million who shopped in stores. This season, company adapted its strategy to make the Black Friday longer than just one day, revealing deals as they come instead of all at once. The company started the season on November 20th and the unveiled 10 coveted deals starting the midnight of Thanksgiving, while revealing 10 more on Black Friday. The company also leveraged its mobile platform by offering exclusive mobile-only deals on its app, extending to December 9th.
According to TipRanksstatistics, out of the 28 analysts who have rated AMZN in the last 3 months, 24 gave a Buy rating while 4 remain on the sidelines. The average 12 month price target for the stock is $715.33, marking a 6% upside from where shares last closed.

Abercrombie & Fitch Co. 
Abercrombie drove huge crowds for its Black Friday sale, offering discounts of up to 50% for its Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister divisions. This success came in part due to its overall strategy change, a factor that also drove stellar Q3 earnings for the company. The retailer realized that its target audience for Hollister, teenagers, is flocking towards brands such as H&M and Zara due to their runway trends. Therefore, the company decided to follow suit to stay relevant in the industry by changing some of its styles. The company also decided against general discounting. Furthermore, ANF targeted a broader age group (18-25) who are more fashion-savvy as well as in better financial standing than its teen demographic. The companys Black Friday success represented this shift in design and target market.
According to TipRanks, out of the 10 analysts who have rated ANF in the past 3 months, 2 gave a Buy rating, 1 gave a Sell rating, and 7 remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $22.50, marking a 16% downside from where shares last closed.


Dont be late to the party Click Here to see what 4500 Wall Street Analystssay about your stocks.

						







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been the subject of a consistent number of leaks and rumors lately. A number of these relate to the iPhone makers dissatisfaction with its current screen tech. It is said the American tech giant wishes to break away from the limitations of the LCD technology that is currently integrated into its latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. OLED screens are expected to feature on the iPhone as soon as 2017.

Apple wants new screen tech on iPhone
The latest iPhone comes with a number of unique visual and touch capabilities, courtesy of Apples powerful A9 chip. Of these qualities, perhaps the most awed is the 3D touch interface. 3D touch allows for varied responses depending on the way in which users touches the screen. The iPhone 6s range also comes with more memory and a larger cam sensor.
But the full benefits of the A9 processor are held back by the limits of LCD. Further, LCD would hold back the innovation of future models, too. Switching to OLED would allow for more dynamic visuals, improved reproduction of color, and more power-saving displays with greater viewing angles.
A major setback, though, would be the lifespan of OLED displays. Though more efficient, OLED screens arent particularly known for their durability. If they are to be placed on a premium handset like the iPhone, Apple would need to find a way around their fragility.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Samsung Flat on its Face as Apple Inc. (AAPL) Battle Ends





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});




To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.


Apple, Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) appears to be confident that it has solved the problem. News from Patently Apple reports that the tech giant has told its supply chain of an upcoming change from LCD to OLED. The switch will feature on the iPhones launched in the 2017 smartphone season.
Though many other phone makers have long made the switch to OLED, Apple seems to have waited for the right moment. The screens in question are now more affordable at a per-unit level. This also allows the company to cost-effectively produce the premium level device without sacrificing its quality.
No official confirmation has been made by Apple, Inc. on the change.
Apple iPhone Cyber Monday Deals
A number of online retailers have rolled out special deals for the iPhone 6s this Cyber Monday. Target is offering hefty discounts on the iPhone 6 and 6s range. The iPhone 6 ranges from $199.99 to $799.99 depending on the device and nature of the purchase. Target also listed the iPhone 6s Plus for as low as $499.99. Some older model iPhones, like the iPhone 5, can bee purchased for as little as $99.
Amazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) , too, has some interesting iPhone Cyber Monday deals. The older model iPhone 6 can be obtained from as low as $499.95. while the iPhone 6 Plus will go for $714.90. Price tags of $698.25 and 857 are offered on the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus respectively,
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 7 Is Coming: Time to Ignore iPhone 6S?Similar Apple(NASDAQ:AAPL) product offers are made by a range of online retail giants this Monday. Companies like Wal-Mart and BestBuy offer up to a $100 off the latest iPhones with similar deals on the earlier iPhone models too.

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125324, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});

														Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD)announced the appointment of graphics and parallel compute architect Michael Mantor to AMD Corporate Fellow for his demonstrated leadership in graphics engineering. At AMD, Corporate Fellow is the highest possible level of technical recognition with only four employees currently holding the title. Mantor has made key contributions to a diverse set of AMD graphics products, including those that power the Microsoft Xbox One, Sony PlayStation PS4, and multiple generations of AMD Radeon graphics. As Corporate Fellow, he will lead graphics and compute architecture teams in the development of next generation architectures to be used in PCs, game consoles, virtual reality devices, workstations, and super computers.
Mike is the most passionate graphics and parallel computing architect I have worked with. His direct impact on more than 10 generations of GPU architectures at AMD is a result of Mikes determination to turn great architectures into products that reach millions of users, said Raja Koduri, senior vice president and chief architect, AMD Radeon Technologies Group. Mikes unique talents and industry expertise are instrumental to maintaining AMDs industry leading graphics technologies and will be critical to advancing the industry into the immersive computing era.
Mantor is recognized as a key authority and leader in GPU architecture. Since joining ATI in 1999, he has been responsible for developing GPU architectures as well as serving as the chief graphics architect for the AMD solutions powering the latest generation of game consoles. Numerous AMD graphics programs and projects have been completed under Mikes guidance including Microsoft Xbox 360 and Xbox One, AMDs heterogeneous system architecture, and all AMD Radeon products since the introduction of the R100 in 2000. He has made major contributions to the industry and AMD including 45 patents issued to date.
AMD Corporate Fellows are appointed after a rigorous review process that assesses not only specific technical contributions to the company, but involvement in the industry at large, mentoring of others, and improving the long-term strategic position of the company.(Original Source)
Shares of Advanced Micro Devices closed today at $2.36, up $0.03or1.29%. AMD has a 1-year high of $3.37 and a 1-year low of $1.61. The stocks 50-day moving average is $2.11 and its 200-day moving average is $2.05.
On the ratings front, AMDhas been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report issued on October 26, Northland Securities analyst Gus Richard reiterated a Buy rating on AMD, with a price target of $5, which implies an upside of 113.7% from current levels. Separately, on October 16, Canaccord Genuitys Stephen Lee maintained a Hold rating on the stock and has a price target of $2.
According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Gus Richard and Stephen Lee have a total average return of 9.2% and 14.2% respectively. Richard has a success rate of 72.7% and is ranked #401 out of 3649 analysts, while Lee has a success rate of 100.0% and is ranked #2192.
The street is mostly Neutral on AMD stock. Out of 15 analysts who cover the stock, 9 suggest a Hold rating , 3 suggest a Sell and 3 recommend to Buy the stock. The 12-month average price target assigned to the stock is $2.47, which implies an upside of 5.6% from current levels.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc is a semiconductor company with facilities around the world. It operates in two segments: Computing Solutions and Graphics and Visual Solutions.

						

          
              
      Summary
    
        By jumping into IaaS, Oracle is challenging Amazon Web Services.
        
        Oracle doesn't appear to have the data center capacity to do so.
        
        Oracle's late entry may hurt its cash flow and margins.
        
    
  

            


              Oracle (NYSE:ORCL), a major player in the database software arena, recently decided to gird up its loins and muscle its way into cloud computing. Oracle calls its venture Elastic Computing because, ostensibly, it will offer efficient infrastructure (IaaS) capable of handling anything an enterprise might want to build or run. Translation: Oracle is throwing down the gauntlet and challenging Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Web Services for supremacy.The problem is that Oracle is late to the party. Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Azure and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) arrived ahead of Oracle. And Amazon is the acknowledged heavyweight champion in cloud computing. Amazon got to the party early and already dominates Infrastructure-as-a-Cloud. In other words, Oracle's late arrival to a very competitive field may prove difficult.Admittedly, Oracle's entry is nothing to sneer at. Its cloud revenues for fiscal 2016 (June to May fiscal year) are approaching $2.5 billion. However, Amazon Web Services' (AWS) revenues for the third-quarter of fiscal 2015 topped $7 billion. Moreover, AWS revenues are increasing 81% year-to-year. AWS's expansion rate is hard to ignore and provides evidence of just how far Oracle has to go.If that's not demoralizing enough, smaller companies such as Qlik (NASDAQ:QLIK) and Tableau (NYSE:DATA) dominate cloud analytics, and SAP SE (NYSE:SAP) has targeted the market. All that to say this: The competition is stiff. The only advantage that Oracle has is that companies using its database software may not want to shift horses in the middle of the stream. They may assume that utilizing another cloud provider would exacerbate integration hurdles they are reluctant to take on. Oracle will need to tap into its existing customers and lure them over to its Elastic Computing.Unfortunately, Oracle's Elastic Computing products won't be accessible until early 2016. This means Oracle is about six months behind all the other players. And there's another pregnant question: Does Oracle have the computing facilities necessary to go toe-to-toe with Amazon. Oracle's VP, Amit Chaudhry, states that the company has twenty data centers, most of which were built to handle SaaS applications. Building IaaS data facilities would not only require billions of dollars of cash, but negatively affect future margins because of depreciation. Most experts suppose that at the present juncture Oracle's IaaS capabilities are minimal, especially compared to those of Amazon and Microsoft's Azure.Of course, only a small percentage of enterprises currently use public clouds. In reality, the arena is wide open. And Oracle has to be taken seriously; they are a major player, one that insists on being number one in any endeavor. Still, being late to the IaaS party isn't fashionable. In fact, it may be recklessly imprudent in Oracle's case. To participate, Oracle is going to have to spend oodles of cash. Even then, the outcome is doubtful. Thus, the short-term and medium-term outlook for Oracle's stock is not attractive.
          
              (function(){
                   var disclosureHtmlStr = "<div id=\'article_body_top\' class=\'disclosure_top hidden\'><div id=\'inner_disclosure\'><!--googleoff: index--><strong>Disclosure: <\/strong>I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. <span onclick=\'SA.Modules.Article.Disclosure.expand()\' id=\'more_button\' style=\'cursor:pointer\'><strong>(More...)<\/strong><\/span><span id=\'business_disclosure\' class=\'hidden\'>I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.<\/span><!--googleon: index--><\/div><\/div><div style=\'clear:both\'><\/div>";
                   var articleBodyHtmlStr = document.getElementById("article_body").innerHTML;
                   document.getElementById("article_body").innerHTML = articleBodyHtmlStr + disclosureHtmlStr;
            }());
          
        

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Morning Report
Snapshot
Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE), of the Technology sector was at a price of 89.91 today, marking a change of -2.29%. Adobe Systems Incorporated forecasts a earnings per share growth of -5.40% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 3.90% and its debt to equity is currently 0.28. Adobe Systems Incorporated has a market cap of 44847.11 and its gross margin is 84.60%.
Dividend
Adobe Systems Incorporated has a dividend yield of . Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on Adobe Systems Incorporateds 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 30.34%, a 52 week high of -3.17%, and a simple moving average of 2.41% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 2424500 with an average volume of 3298.96. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
Adobe Systems Incorporated has a forward P/E of 32.18 and a P/E of 91.74. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. Adobe Systems Incorporated has a P/S of 9.83 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for Adobe Systems Incorporated are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of 2.41%, a 52 week high of -3.17%, and a 52 week low of 30.34%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. Adobe Systems Incorporated has a gap of -0.05%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        


        






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU): 18 Analyst have given the stock of Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) a near short term price target of $22.06. The standard deviation reading, which is a measure by which the stock price is expected to swing away from the mean estimate, is at $7.32. The higher price target estimate is at $40 while the lower price estimates are fixed at $13.
Several analysts have commented on the company rating. Bank of America downgrades its rating on Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU). Analysts at the Bank of America have a current rating of Underperform on the shares. The shares were previously rated Neutral.  The rating by the firm was issued on October 21, 2015.
The company shares have dropped 56.14% in the past 52 Weeks. On December 8, 2014 The shares registered one year high of $36.59 and one year low was seen on August 24, 2015 at $13.5. The 50-day moving average is $16.45 and the 200 day moving average is recorded at $18.85. S&P 500 has rallied 0.37% during the last 52-weeks. 






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) has received a short term rating of hold from research analysts at Zacks with a rank of 3. The company has been rated an average of 1.85 by 27 Wall Street Analysts. 15 analysts have added the shares in their list of strong buys. 2 stock experts have also rated a buy. 9 broker firms have advised hold.  A sell call was initiated by 1 analysts.
Shares of Micron Technology, Inc. appreciated by 0.19% during the last five trading days but lost 12.5% on a 4-week basis. Micron Technology, Inc. has dropped 5.91% during the last 3-month period . Year-to-Date the stock performance stands at -55.41%.
On a different note, The Company has disclosed insider buying and selling activities to the Securities Exchange,The director of Micron Technology Inc, Bailey Robert L sold 4,000 shares at $20 on July 17, 2015. The Insider selling transaction had a total value worth of $80,000. The Insider information was disclosed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in a Form 4 filing.
Micron Technology, Inc., is a global manufacturer and marketer of semiconductor devices, principally NAND Flash, DRAM and NOR Flash memory, as well as other memory technologies, packaging solutions and semiconductor systems for use in computing, consumer, networking, automotive, industrial, embedded and mobile products. In addition, the Company manufactures semiconductor components for CMOS images sensors and other semiconductor products. The Company operates in four segments: NAND Solutions Group (NSG), DRAM Solutions Group (DSG), Wireless Solutions Group (WSG) and Embedded Solutions Group (ESG). The Companys product include NAND Flash Memory, Dynamic Random Access Memory (DRAM) and NOR Flash Memory. The Companys manufacturing facilities are located in the United States, China, Israel, Italy, Malaysia, Puerto Rico and Singapore. Effective August 11, 2014, Micron Technology Inc acquired an undisclosed minority stake in Kingston Solutions Co Ltd.





        
                        
            
                                            

            SHARE
            
	            Facebook
	            Twitter
	            
	            
            tweet !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "4cdf9489-8c32-4260-a660-781055398c6d",
            d:  "bmV3c3dhdGNoaW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC5jb20=",
            wid: "54282",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content.ad/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad54282").appendChild(s);
    })(document);

            Previous articleInvesco Plc Price Target Update            Peter Ember	                

    

                    Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently acquired Faceshift, a Zurich-based developer of motion-capture software that lets 3D-animated characters mimic an actor's facial expressions. The company's technology was used in the latest Star Wars film, and can be live-streamed into the Unity game engine for VR environments.

Source: Faceshift.
The terms of the deal weren't disclosed, but most of Faceshift's Swiss employees are now working for Apple. Apple didn't discuss its reasons for buying Faceshift, but the acquisition strongly suggests that the company is beefing up for an expansion into the augmented and virtual reality markets.
Analyzing Apple's AR and VR trailTwo years ago, Apple acquired PrimeSense, which designed the motion sensors for Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) first Xbox Kinect. It then filed numerous VR (virtual reality) and AR (augmented reality) patents, including one for an iPhone-powered VR headset and another for a pair of smartglasses similar to Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass. Other patents suggest that Apple wants to put an AR overlay over Apple Maps to digitally measure distances and mark locations.
This March, Apple acquired AR start-up Metaio. Metaio's technology powers AR apps like Audi's digital owners manual, which identifies car parts with a camera, and IKEA's virtual catalog, which digitally places furniture into a user's living room. Metaio also holds dozens of VR-related patents. That same month, Piper Jaffray claimed that Apple had assembled a special R&D team for AR hardware. In November, the company promoted Apple Music with a 360-degree U2 music video that can be viewed through Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus headsets.
How does Faceshift complement these moves?Buying Faceshift is an interesting move that could have interesting applications in the AR and VR markets. For example, Apple could integrate the technology into FaceTime and let users stream their facial expressions and voices to virtual avatars. Apple could open the API to developers and let them integrate Faceshift features directly into iOS games.
Over the past year, Facebook and Google have been trying to blur the lines between real-world objects and virtual reality. Facebook recently demonstrated how two people in different rooms could play ping pong in virtual reality. Google'sProject Tango digitizes real people and objects into computerized 3D ones, so that people can actually "touch" virtual versions of real-world objects. 
Although Facebook and Google generally aren't considered Apple's allies, combining Faceshift's facial recognition with Facebook and Google's spatial recognition could produce some incredible AR/VR demos.
Apple isn't usually the first moverFacebook and Google are both trying to generate more mainstream awareness for VR apps. Facebook recently introduced 360-degree videos that can be navigated by rotating a mobile device. Its Oculus Rift, which is scheduled to arrive next year, could be a popular accessory for hardcore gamers. Google is encouraging users to make their own Cardboard headsets to experience VR apps and 360-degree YouTube videos.
On the AR front, Google refuses to give up on Google Glass, its AR play, which flopped due to its awkward appearance and privacy issues. It also invested in Magic Leap, a start-up that produces AR content that can be projected onto real-world surfaces. Meanwhile, Microsoft plans to dive into the deep end of the AR market with HoloLens. Initial demos for the HoloLens are impressive, but the developer kit costs a whopping $3,000.
Apple, on the other hand, usually doesn't expand into fledgling markets that are still struggling to find their feet. It usually lets other companies test the waters, then disrupts the market with a device that addresses the shortcomings of older products. That's what Apple is likely doing right now -- collecting the tech, patents, and talent while waiting for the market to develop.
Possibilities beyond AR and VRWhile Faceshift's face-tracking technology could be used for AR and VR applications, it could also be used for new features using facial recognition to unlock your phone or to improve the iPhone camera's ability to read emotions and smiles. Apple could also license the technology to game studios to create games.
But for now, investors shouldn't jump to conclusions about recent acquisitions like Metaio and Faceshift. Instead, they should focus on how these acquisitions might help Apple eventually expand into these markets in the near future.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)launched its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus barely two months ago and the world already has its sights set on their successors. A number of reliable sources have had a lot to say about the upcoming devices thus far. Likely to be called the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, from what can be gathered, the handsets promise to offer a a range of impressive features.

By considering the info leaked to the public by credible outlets and Apple suppliers, and assessing the growing market trends in the smartphone segment, so far, one can build a fairly good picture of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Here is what users can expect from next years iPhone 7 range.
Apple wants slimmer iPhones
Let us begin with the iPhones physical appearance. It is a certain bet that the next generation of iPhones will be slimmer than prior versions. Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities reported some time ago that future iPhones will be in the 6 to 6.5 millimeter range. This would be a very noticeable size drop from the thickness of the latest iPhones. The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus measure at 7.1 and 7.3 millimeters respectively.
More from the screen
In terms of the iPhones display, anyone with a decent grasp of Apples innovation trends can vouch for greater resolution and upped screen size. The current iPhone has received a lot of critcism about its mediocre pixels per screen inch ratio. This is especially because other lower range devices held similar and even greater resolutions, but at lower prices. It is said that the iPhone 7 range will come in a 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch model. But yny stab at specific improvements in screen resolution at this stage would purely be speculation.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Apple Inc. (AAPL) Pushing Apple Pay in a War on the Wallet





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL)will stick to LCD on the iPhone 7. It has been confirmed that the iDevice maker told its supply chain to accommodate for a switch to OLED. However, the change will only take effect in two years time.
Rumors from a number of sources predict the iPhone 7 will one-up its predecessor in the 3D Touch department. A number of phone makers are working on bringing 3D touch capabilities to their own devices. As such, Apple will need to raise the bar in order to stay ahead of the curve. Sources have mentioned multi-3D touch. As opposed to normal 3D touch, multi-3D Touch would allow for pressure detection from more than one screen point at the same time. It would offer Apple the edge it needs to stay above the trend.
The camera
Apple made a huge leap from 8 to 12 megapixels with its latest handset range. If any camera improvement will be made on the iPhone 7 range, they are likely to be very minimal. Consumers shouldnt be surprised if Apple sticks with 12 megapixels either. However, to make up for this, it is likely that both the upcoming versions will have optical image stabilization. To-date, Apple reserves this camera feature for its iPhone Plus versions.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Specs, Release Date Blown Wide OpenFaster connectivity, faster processor
In terms on connectivity, future generations of the iPhone should hold improved cellular speeds. Avago, one of Apples suppliers, said that radio frequency will go up significantly for the iPhone. These advances should go a long way at boosting cellular speeds.
Lastly, a new processor. This is another one of those definite bets for the next iPhone. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming A10 should provide leading class CPU and a graphics output. KGI Securities has assured that next years version of the iPhone will see a great memory boosts. The 4.7 inch will have 2 gigs of memory and The 5.5 inch will pack 3 gigs of RAM.

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125482, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});
