Apple Watch Arrives in Seven More Countries June 26

Sales in Apple Retail Stores to Begin in Two Weeks
CUPERTINO, California—June 4, 2015—Apple® today announced Apple Watch™ will be available in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan beginning Friday, June 26 from the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apple’s retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers.

“The response to Apple Watch has surpassed our expectations in every way, and we are thrilled to bring it to more customers around the world,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s senior vice president of Operations. “We’re also making great progress with the backlog of Apple Watch orders, and we thank our customers for their patience. All orders placed through May, with the sole exception of Apple Watch 42 mm Space Black Stainless Steel with Space Black Link Bracelet, will ship to customers within two weeks. At that time, we’ll also begin selling some models in our Apple Retail Stores.”

Apple Watch, Apple’s most personal device yet, is an incredibly accurate timepiece, an intimate and immediate communication device and a groundbreaking health and fitness companion. Highly customizable for personal expression, Apple Watch also brings an entirely new way to receive information at a glance and interact with the world through third-party app experiences designed specifically for the wrist.

Apple Watch introduces revolutionary technologies including the Digital Crown™, an innovative way to scroll, zoom and navigate fluidly without obstructing the display. The Retina® display with Force Touch on Apple Watch senses the difference between a tap and a press, providing a new way to quickly and easily access relevant controls. The Taptic Engine™ discreetly delivers a gentle tap on your wrist whenever you receive a notification or message.

The world’s most vibrant and innovative developer community has already created thousands of apps for Apple Watch with new apps for customers to explore and discover every day. Apple Watch wearers can now order a taxi in Spain with MyTaxi, easily navigate the airport with the Genève Aéroport app, keep track of a Singapore Airlines flight, explore Italy with AroundMe, stay in touch with friends in South Korea with KakaoTalk, find the nearby YouBike station in Taiwan and access movie tickets with Cinepolis in Mexico. The Apple Watch app that comes with iOS 8.2 or later on iPhone® lets you browse, buy and download apps from the App Store℠ for Apple Watch.

Pricing & Availability
Apple Watch will be available on Friday, June 26 in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan from the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), at Apple’s retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. 10 Corso Como in Milan, BOONTHESHOP Cheongdam in Seoul and Malmaison by The Hour Glass in Singapore will have a curated selection of Apple Watch available at launch. Apple Watch is currently available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the UK and the US.

Apple Watch is available in three collections, Apple Watch Sport, priced at $349 (US) and $399 (US); Apple Watch, available from $549 (US) to $1,099 (US); and Apple Watch Edition, crafted from custom rose or yellow 18-karat gold alloys, with prices starting at $10,000 (US).

Customers who purchase from Apple will be offered Personal Setup, in-store or online, to customize and pair Apple Watch with their iPhone, showing them new apps from the App Store for Apple Watch and more. Customers can explore and choose their favorite Apple Watch in the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com) or through the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad®.

Apple Watch requires iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus running iOS 8.2 or later.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
