Apple and Hermès Unveil the Apple Watch Hermès Collection

SAN FRANCISCO and PARIS — September 9, 2015 — Apple® and Hermès today introduced Apple Watch® Hermès, a new collection of Apple Watch in stainless steel with finely crafted leather bands in distinctive styles from Hermès, including the Single Tour, Double Tour and Cuff, while respecting the design and functionality of the Apple Watch. The collaboration merges Apple’s unparalleled product innovation with the heritage, iconography and craftsmanship of Hermès, creating a unique expression of Apple Watch.

“Apple and Hermès make very different products, but they reflect the deep appreciation of quality design,” said Jonathan Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “Both companies are motivated by a sincere pursuit of excellence and the desire to create something that is not compromised. Apple Watch Hermès is a true testament to that belief.”

“At Hermès, we strive to provide our clients with elegant, creative and functional objects for their everyday lives,” said Pierre-Alexis Dumas, Hermès’ executive vice president in charge of artistic direction. “What more contemporary and relevant expression of this principle could there be than this collaboration with Apple. We are strongly united by the same deeply held ideas and principles. I see it as the establishment of an alliance in excellence; like horse and carriage, a perfect team.”

The Single Tour with the 38 mm stainless steel case comes in fauve Barenia leather, noir box leather and capucine Swift leather, while the Single Tour with 42 mm stainless steel case comes in fauve Barenia leather and noir box leather. The Double Tour pairs with the 38 mm stainless steel case and is available in fauve Barenia leather and bleu jean, capucine and etain Swift leather. The Cuff pairs with the 42 mm stainless steel case and is available in fauve Barenia leather only. Across the collection, each stainless steel case features an etching of the Hermès signature and includes a customizable face with three exclusive dial designs inspired by Clipper, Cape Cod and Espace Hermès watches.

Pricing & Availability
Apple Watch Hermès starts at $1,100 (US) for the 38 mm stainless steel case with the Single Tour, $1,150 (US) for the 42 mm stainless steel case with the Single Tour, $1,250 (US) for the 38 mm stainless steel case with the Double Tour and $1,500 (US) for the 42 mm stainless steel case with the Cuff. The collection will be available at select Apple retail stores, select Hermès stores, specialty stores and department stores beginning October 5 in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Korea, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and the US. For more information on Apple Watch Hermès please visit www.apple.com/apple-watch-hermes or www.hermes.com/applewatchhermes.

The constant requirement for the finest quality has always been the quest of Hermès. Since its establishment in 1837, six generations of enterprising and passionate artisans have contributed to spreading its values: a savoir-faire built on the application of highly precise and skilled crafts to the finest materials, the love for beautiful objects created to last over time and the spirit of constant innovation. A family owned company, Hermès is managed by Chief Executive Officer, Axel Dumas, a member of the sixth generation of the Hermès family.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apple’s three software platforms — iOS, OS X and watchOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
