Apple Announces New Environmental Initiatives in China

BEIJINGMay 11, 2015Apple today announced an expansion of its renewable energy and environmental protection initiatives in China, including a new multi-year project with World Wildlife Fund to significantly increase responsibly managed forests across China. The new forestland program aims to protect as much as 1 million acres of responsibly managed working forests which provide fiber for pulp, paper and wood products.

Apples goal is to achieve a net-zero impact on the worlds supply of sustainable virgin fiber and power all its operations worldwide on 100 percent renewable energy.

Forests, like energy, can be renewable resources, said Lisa Jackson, Apples vice president of Environmental Initiatives. We believe we can run on naturally renewable resources and ensure that we protectand createas much sustainable working forest as needed to produce the virgin paper in our product packaging. This is an important step toward that goal and our commitment to leave the world better than we found it.

Apple also announced its intent to expand its industry-leading renewable energy projects to manufacturing facilities in China.

Weve set an example by greening our data centers, retail stores and corporate offices, and were ready to start leading the way toward reducing carbon emissions from manufacturing, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. This wont happen overnightin fact it will take yearsbut its important work that has to happen, and Apple is in a unique position to take the initiative toward this ambitious goal. It is a responsibility we accept. We are excited to work with leaders in our supply chain who want to be on the cutting edge of Chinas green transformation.

Todays announcements come three weeks after Apple launched its first major solar project in China. Solar installations in Sichuan Province will generate far more energy than needed to power all of Apples corporate offices and retail stores in China.

Apple is partnering with Leshan Electric Power Co., Sichuan Development Holding Co., Ltd, Tianjin Tsinlien Investment Holding Co., Ltd, Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co., Ltd, and SunPower Corporation on the project encompassing two 20-megawatt solar farms. Together the project will generate up to 80 million kilowatt hours per year of clean energy, enough to power the equivalent of 61,000 Chinese homes.  Thats clean energy added to the grid that would otherwise not be there.

The solar projects were carefully designed to minimize their ecological impact and protect the grasslands that support the yak population, which is also important to the local economy. Today 87 percent of Apples global operations run on renewable energy, and the Sichuan Province solar project will bring Apple even closer to its commitment to reach 100 percent.

Apples support for this project and its environmental leadership show that protecting forests is not just good for society but important for business, said Lo Sze Ping, Chief Executive Officer for WWF China. This collaboration between our two organizations will seek to reduce Chinas ecological footprint by helping produce more wood from responsibly managed forests within its own borders. Doing so is essential to China, the worlds biggest timber importer. Our hope is this will catalyze a new model of corporate leadership in promoting sustainable forest management and using paper resources more efficiently and responsibly around the world.

Learn more about Apples environmental efforts at www.apple.com/environment.

Apple in China
Apple operates 19 corporate offices and 22 retail stores in China, including Hong Kong, directly employing 8,000 people. In total, Apple has helped create and support over 3 million jobs in China, including at least 1.5 million iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem.

Developers in China have earned more than $3.4 billion through the worldwide sale of apps on the App Store, with over half of that amount paid in the last 12 months alone. App Store income earned by Chinas developers is growing at a faster rate than any other major market in the world.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Apple Introduces 15-inch MacBook Pro with Force Touch Trackpad & New $1,999 iMac with Retina 5K Display

CUPERTINO, CaliforniaMay 19, 2015Apple today updated the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display with the new Force Touch trackpad, faster flash storage, longer battery life and faster discrete graphics, delivering even more performance and capabilities to the MacBook Pro line. Apple also today introduced a new $1,999 configuration of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display featuring a breathtaking 14.7 million pixel display, quad-core processors and AMD graphics, and lowered the price of the top-end iMac with Retina 5K display to $2,299.

The response to the new MacBook and updated 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display has been amazing, and today we are thrilled to bring the new Force Touch trackpad, faster flash storage and longer battery life to the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. Customers love the groundbreaking iMac with Retina 5K display, and now with a new lower starting price, even more people can experience the best desktop weve ever made.

The updated 15-inch MacBook Pro features the amazing Force Touch trackpad that brings a new dimension of interactivity to the Mac. With built-in force sensors and a Taptic Engine that delivers haptic feedback, the Force Touch trackpad allows you to click anywhere with a uniform feel and customize the amount of pressure needed to register each click. The new trackpad supports a range of new gestures, including the new Force click, and APIs are available for third-party developers to incorporate Force Touch capabilities into their apps. The updated 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display also features up to 2.5 times faster flash storage than the previous generation, with throughput up to 2GBps, and offers an additional hour of battery life, with up to 9 hours of wireless web browsing and up to 9 hours of iTunes movie playback.* In addition, MacBook Pro with Retina display discrete graphics deliver up to 80 percent faster performance using new AMD Radeon R9 M370X graphics for editing video in Final Cut Pro X, rendering 3D images in pro graphics apps or playing high-resolution games.**

With a resolution of 5120 x 2880, the new $1,999 iMac with Retina 5K display has 67 percent more pixels than a 4K display, and features a 3.3 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost Speeds up to 3.7 GHz and AMD Radeon R9 M290 graphics. The new iMac also includes 8GB of memory and 1TB of storage, as well as four USB 3.0 ports and two Thunderbolt 2 ports that deliver up to 20Gbps each, twice the bandwidth of the previous generation. The top-end iMac with Retina 5K display now starts at $2,299 and features a 3.5 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.9 GHz, AMD Radeon R9 M290X graphics and a 1TB Fusion Drive.

Every new Mac comes with OS X Yosemite, the worlds most advanced desktop operating system, redesigned and refined with a fresh, modern look, powerful new apps, and Continuity features that make working across your Mac and iOS devices more fluid than ever.

Photos, iMovie and GarageBand, and iWork come free with every new Mac. Photos for OS X keeps your growing photo and video collection automatically organized, easy to navigate and accessible across all of your compatible Apple devices using iCloud Photo Library. iMovie lets you easily create beautiful movies, and you can use GarageBand to make new music or learn to play piano or guitar. The iWork suite of Pages, Numbers and Keynote makes it easy to create, edit and share stunning documents, spreadsheets and presentations. Pages, Numbers and Keynote for iCloud let you create a document on iPhone or iPad, edit it on your Mac and collaborate with friends, even if they are on a PC.

Pricing & Availability
The updated 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display is available today through the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers with a 2.2 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.4 GHz, 16GB of memory, 256GB of flash storage and Intel Iris Pro graphics starting at $1,999 (US); and with a 2.5 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.7 GHz, 16GB of memory, 512GB of flash storage and AMD Radeon R9 M370X graphics starting at $2,499 (US). Configure-to-order options include faster quad-core Intel Core i7 processors up to 2.8 GHz with Turbo Boost speeds up to 4.0 GHz and flash storage up to 1TB. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/macbook-pro.

The new 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display is available today through the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers with a 3.3 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost Speeds up to 3.7 GHz, AMD Radeon R9 M290 graphics and 1TB of storage starting at $1,999 (US). The top-end iMac now starts at $2,299 (US) and features a 3.5 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.9 GHz, AMD Radeon R9 M290X graphics and a 1TB Fusion Drive. Configure-to-order options include faster quad-core Intel Core i7 processors up to 4.0 GHz with Turbo Boost speeds up to 4.4 GHz and flash storage up to 1TB. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/imac.

*The Wireless Web protocol testing was conducted by Apple in May 2015 using preproduction MacBook Pro with Retina display configurations. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook-pro.
**Testing conducted by Apple in May 2015 using preproduction MacBook Pro with Retina display configurations. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook-pro/features-retina/.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Apple Introduces The Best iPod touch Yet

Featuring New Colors, A8 Chip, 8 Megapixel iSight Camera & Apple Music
CUPERTINO, California  July 15, 2015  Apple today introduced the best iPod touch yet and unveiled a new lineup of colors for all iPod models, including space gray, silver, gold, pink and blue. The ultra-portable iPod touch features a new 8 megapixel iSight camera for beautiful photos, an improved FaceTime HD camera for even better selfies, the Apple-designed A8 chip with 10 times faster graphics performance for a more immersive gaming experience, and even better fitness tracking with the M8 motion coprocessor. With the newly launched Apple Music service, members can enjoy playlists curated by the most talented music experts from around the world, stay in-the-know on music culture with a global 24/7 broadcast on Beats 1 radio, and comment on or like backstage photos and videos shared directly by their favorite artists on Connect.

"iPod touch gives customers around the world access to Apple Music, the App Store and iOS, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, starting at just $199, said Greg Joswiak, Apples vice president of iPhone, iPod and iOS Product Marketing. With big advancements like the A8 chip and the 8 megapixel iSight camera, customers can experience next-level gameplay, take even more beautiful photos and enjoy their favorite music, TV shows and movies.

With the A8 chip, the same used in the revolutionary iPhone 6, users can play even more immersive games for hours at a time, all the while with great battery life. iPod touch has become one of the worlds most loved mobile gaming experiences  its 4-inch Retina display and rich collection of gaming titles are further enhanced with incredible graphics performance and thousands of Metal-optimized games. With the advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras, iPod touch owners, for the first time, can have fun with popular features including slo-mo and burst mode, while capturing memories and everyday moments with gorgeous photos and videos. Three times faster Wi-Fi lets customers stay in touch with friends and family through FaceTime calls, and download movies and TV shows with ease.

The App Store on iPod touch, available in 155 countries, gives users access to 1.5 million apps across 24 categories. iPod touch is also the perfect way to carry your music collection in your pocket. iTunes boasts the worlds largest music catalog, and with Apple Music, customers have access to the revolutionary streaming music service, Beats 1, Apples first ever live radio station, and Connect, where artists can communicate directly to fans. Apple Music is available on iPod touch through the Music app  users are invited to a 3-month trial, after which a $9.99/month membership fee will apply. There is a family plan providing service for up to six family members available for just $14.99/month.

iPod touch comes with iOS 8 and a collection of powerful built-in apps. Send unlimited voice and video text messages through iMessage over Wi-Fi, quickly make edits to your photos with the Photos app and keep track of your fitness and wellness with the Health app. With Family Sharing, up to six family members can share purchases from iTunes, iBooks and the App Store, along with photos and calendars. Parents can also create Apple IDs for children which includes Ask to Buy where parental permission is required for all purchases.

Pricing & Availability
The new iPod touch starts at $199 (US) for the 16GB model, $249 (US) for 32GB and $299 (US) for 64GB, and the entire iPod family in its five new colors is available starting today through the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. For the first time, iPod touch is available in a 128GB model for $399 (US) through Apple Retail Stores and the Apple Online Store, along with the (PRODUCT)RED lineup. iPod touch requires a Wi-Fi connection or a Mac or PC; USB 2.0 port; Mac OS X v10.7.5 or later; Windows 7, Windows 8 or later; and iTunes 12.2 or later. An Apple ID is required for some iPod touch features.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
FY 15 Third Quarter Results Conference Call

WHAT: Apple FY 15 Third Quarter Results Conference Call

WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in number for press is (877) 616-0061 (toll-free) or (719) 219-0037. Please enter confirmation code 830070.

WHEN: Tuesday, July 21, 2015, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT

REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, July 21 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, August 4 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in number for the rebroadcast is (888) 203-1112  (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 9957771.

WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 15 Third Quarter Results Conference Call using Apples industry-leading QuickTime multimedia software. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on Tuesday, July 21, 2015 at www.apple.com/quicktime/qtv/earningsq315 and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Streaming audio requires iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch running iOS 4.2 or above, a Mac running OS X 10.6.8 or above or a PC running Windows 7 and QuickTime 7 or later. Safari or Internet Explorer also required. If you do not have QuickTime installed on your Windows PC, it is available at www.apple.com/quicktime.

This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Introduces iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus

Next Generation of Multi-Touch Arrives in The Most Advanced iPhones Ever
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today announced iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, adding a powerful new dimension to iPhones revolutionary Multi-Touch interface. The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new iPhones are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.

The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything  3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminum, ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and 5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are going to love them.

3D Touch
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to enable new gestures  Peek and Pop  so you can dip in and out of content without losing your place. Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen.

Camera Innovations
The worlds most popular camera is even better in the new iPhones with new ways to capture and relive unforgettable moments. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus introduce Live Photos, which go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a press, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so you can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time.

High-definition video improves with support for 4K  with a resolution of 3840 x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels  and the expansion of optical image stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus, for taking beautiful videos in lower light. After capturing 4K video, you can edit on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can even edit two simultaneous streams.

Additional camera advancements include:
 a new state-of-the-art 12-megapixel sensor with advanced pixel technology and Apple-designed image signal processor, for truer colors and sharper, more detailed photos; and
 a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone lighting, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light.

Advanced Technology
A9, Apples third-generation 64-bit chip powers these innovations with 70 percent faster CPU and 90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8, all with gains in energy efficiency for great battery life. The A9 chip and iOS 9 are architected together for optimal performance where it matters most, in real world usage. M9, Apples next-generation motion coprocessor, is embedded into A9, allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including Hey Siri, without iPhone needing to be plugged in.

With advanced wireless technologies including faster Wi-Fi and LTE Advanced, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus users can browse, download and stream content even faster. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands  the most in any smartphone  for better worldwide roaming.

iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features
to further protect your devices.

Pricing & Availability  iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes for $0 down with 24 monthly payments starting at $27 (US) and $31 (US), respectively, from Apples retail stores in the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.
 Exclusively at Apples retail stores in the US, customers can choose their carrier and get an unlocked iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus with the opportunity to get a new iPhone annually and AppleCare+ on the new iPhone Upgrade Program with monthly payments starting at $32 (US) and $37 (US), respectively.
 Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.
 Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of colors and Lightning Docks in color-matched metallic finishes will also be available.

 Data plan required. LTE Advanced and LTE are available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE.
 Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.
 Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and eligibility may apply.
 The iPhone Upgrade Program is available to qualified customers only with a valid US personal credit card. Requires a 24-month installment loan with Citizens Bank, N.A. and iPhone activation with a national carrier  AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile or Verizon. Full terms apply.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Brings Innovation Back to Television with The All-New Apple TV

The App Store, Siri Remote & tvOS are Coming to Your Living Room
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today announced the all-new Apple TV, bringing a revolutionary experience to the living room based on apps built for the television. Apps on Apple TV let you choose what to watch and when you watch it.The new Apple TVs remote features Siri, so you can search with your voice for TV shows and movies across multiple content providers simultaneously.

The all-new Apple TV is built from the ground up with a new generation of high-performance hardware and introduces an intuitive and fun user interface using the Siri Remote. Apple TV runs the all-new tvOS operating system, based on Apples iOS, enabling millions of iOS developers to create innovative new apps and games specifically for Apple TV and deliver them directly to users through the new Apple TV App Store.

There has been so much innovation in entertainment and programming through iOS apps, we want to bring that same excitement to the television, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. Apps make the TV experience even more compelling for viewers and we think apps represent the future of TV.

The new Siri Remote dramatically simplifies how you select, scroll and navigate through your favorite content while bringing unique interactivity to the new Apple TV by using a glass touch surface that handles both small, accurate movements as well as big, sweeping ones. Adding touch to Apple TV creates a natural, connected experience, even if the TV screen is on the other side of the room. Developers can take advantage of the built-in accelerometer and gyroscope, and the touch surface on the Siri Remote to create games and other app experiences that have never been seen on TV before.

With Siri, you can use your voice to search TV shows and movies by title, genre, cast, crew, rating or popularity, making it easy to say things like Show me New Girl, Find the best funny movies from the 80s, Find movies with Jason Bateman and Find popular TV shows for kids. Apple TV will search iTunes and popular apps from Netflix, Hulu, HBO and Showtime, displaying all the ways the resulting TV shows and movies can be played. Siri also offers playback control and on-screen navigation, as well as quick access to sports, stock and weather information.*

tvOS is the new operating system for Apple TV, and the tvOS SDK provides tools and APIs for developers to create amazing experiences for the living room the same way they created a global app phenomenon for iPhone and iPad. The new, more powerful Apple TV features the Apple-designed A8 chip for even better performance so developers can build engaging games and custom content apps for the TV. tvOS supports key iOS technologies including Metal, for detailed graphics, complex visual effects and Game Center, to play and share games with friends.

Pricing & Availability
The new Apple TV will be available at the end of October starting at $149 (US) for a 32GB model and $199 (US) for a 64GB model from Apple.com, Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. A new Xcode beta is available for developers today that includes the tvOS SDK at developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads. Developers can request an Apple TV developer kit at developer.apple.com/tvos/.

*Siri availability and functionality varies by country. Subscription required for some content.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Introduces iPad Pro Featuring Epic 12.9-inch Retina Display

Apple Pencil & Smart Keyboard Bring Breakthrough Levels of Precision & Utility to iPad Pro
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today introduced the all-new iPad Pro, featuring a stunning 12.9-inch Retina display with 5.6 million pixels, the most ever in an iOS device, and groundbreaking performance with the new 64-bit A9X chip, rivaling most portable PCs. The new larger iPad Pro is thin and light and provides all-day battery life. There are more than 850,000 apps in the App Store designed specifically for iPad, and the new iPad Pro will enable a new generation of advanced apps for everything from productivity, design, illustration, engineering and medical, to education, gaming and entertainment.

Apple today also introduced Apple Pencil for iPad Pro, a precision input device available for purchase separately, which makes drawing and sketching feel remarkably fluid and natural. The touch subsystem of the Multi-Touch display in iPad Pro has been redesigned to work with Apple Pencil to dramatically reduce latency and deliver incredible accuracy for activities like fine art illustration and detailed 3D design. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a fast and fluid drawing experience, while a built-in Lightning connector makes for quick and easy pairing and charging. Apple Pencil also works with popular apps like Mail, Notes, Procreate and Office 365 for iPad, offering new levels of creativity and productivity.

Apples new Smart Keyboard further extends the utility of iPad Pro, offering a full-sized keyboard in a thin, durable design so you can take it anywhere. The Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, attaches to iPad Pros innovative Smart Connector port, eliminating the need for a separate battery, on/off switch or Bluetooth pairing. The Smart Keyboard is covered in custom woven fabric and features keys that provide the accuracy, stability and satisfying key feel of standard keyboards, but is also easily foldable and can transform into a Smart Cover. The Smart Keyboard also works seamlessly with new QuickType features in iOS 9 to make typing even faster and easier.

iPad Pro is the most advanced and powerful iPad we have ever made. Its beautiful and large 12.9-inch Retina display has 5.6 million pixels and provides an immersive experience for content and apps. The iPad Pro is far and away the fastest iOS device we have ever made  its A9X chip beats most portable PCs in both CPU and graphics tasks, but is thin and light enough to hold all day, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. The innovative Apple Pencil and new Smart Keyboard enable users to customize their iPad Pro experience to the particular apps they use and the work they do, making iPad Pro ideal for everything from professional productivity to advanced 3D design.

Innovative Design
iPad Pros 12.9-inch Retina display, with 5.6 million pixels and refined Multi-Touch technology, is the most advanced and highest resolution display ever in an iOS device. It delivers greater contrast, more uniform brightness and improved energy efficiency through photo alignment technology, oxide TFT and variable refresh rate. A new four-speaker audio design provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound, and a refined unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum gives iPad Pro a sturdy feel with a thin and light design that is easy to hold.

Powerful Technology
iPad Pro delivers groundbreaking performance and energy efficiency, so you can tackle the most demanding tasks. Apples powerful new 64-bit A9X chip, with third-generation 64-bit architecture, provides desktop-class CPU performance and console-class graphics. Ultra-fast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for a wide range of LTE bands and other fast cellular network technologies (DC-HSDPA, HSPA+).* All-day 10-hour battery life** delivers the efficiency that users have come to expect from iPad.

iOS 9
iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPad with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. New multitasking features designed specifically for iPad allow users to do more at the same time, while built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps and an all-new News app*** for the best news reading experience on any mobile device. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features to further protect your device.

Pricing & Availability
iPad Pro starts at $799 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $1079 (US) for the Wi-Fi + Cellular 128GB model, comes in three gorgeous metallic finishes including silver, gold and space gray and will be available starting in November from Apple.com, Apples retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.

Apple Pencil will be available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard will be available in charcoal gray for $169 (US). New polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Covers will be available for $59 (US) in charcoal gray and white. New iPad Pro Silicone Cases will be available for $79 (US) in charcoal gray and white. iPad Pro accessories will be available starting in November.

*Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE
**Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary.
***Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Introduces watchOS 2 with Native Apps and New Gold & Rose Gold Aluminum Apple Watch Sport Models

Native Apps, New Watch Faces, Time Travel & More Arrive with watchOS 2 September 16

SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today introduced beautiful new Apple Watch cases and bands, available starting today, including new gold and rose gold aluminum Apple Watch Sport models. Since its release, Apple Watch has helped users receive and respond to notifications, interact by simply speaking to Siri, conveniently use Apple Pay and track their health and fitness activity. watchOS 2 arrives as a free update on September 16 and further enhances this groundbreaking experience with new features and native third-party apps.

 watchOS 2 makes apps faster and more fluid by running natively on Apple Watch, and introduces new watch faces, the ability for third-party apps to display information on the watch face as complications, and an innovative way to see future events, past headlines and more with Time Travel. watchOS 2 also includes new communication features such as the ability to respond quickly to Mail with dictation, Smart Replies or emoji, and Digital Touch enables more creativity with multiple sketch colors.

 Our customers love Apple Watch and tell us its incredible health and fitness features are having a huge impact on their lives, said Jeff Williams, Apples senior vice president of Operations. Were excited to expand Apple Watchs functionality with watchOS 2 and offer even more personal choice with beautiful new styles and colors.

Expanded Assortment of Apple Watch Styles
 Apple Watch collections are expanding with new case colors and fresh new bands. With new standalone Sport Bands that range from rich vibrant colors to more neutral tones, Apple Watch is now more customizable than ever:
 Apple Watch Sports lightweight anodized aluminum case now comes in two new beautiful colors, gold aluminum and rose gold aluminum paired with high-performance fluoroelastomer Sport Bands in lavender, antique white, stone and midnight blue.
 Apple Watch Sport silver aluminum is now available with new orange or blue Sport Bands.
 The stainless steel Apple Watch collection offers a variety of new bands including a two-toned Classic Buckle in black or saddle brown.
 The Apple Watch space black stainless steel case is now available with a black Sport Band.
 Apple Watch Edition now includes an 18-karat rose gold case with a midnight blue Classic Buckle.

 Apple Watch joins Apples commitment to (PRODUCT)RED with a stainless steel case and a (PRODUCT)RED Sport Band with a portion of the proceeds going to the Global Fund to fight AIDS.

 Apple Watch bands for the entire Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch collections are available to purchase separately, along with four new Sport Band colors in fog, turquoise, vintage rose and walnut.

 View the full line-up in the Apple Watch gallery.

watchOS 2 & Native Third-Party Apps
 watchOS 2, the first major software update for Apple Watch, available September 16, provides even more ways to customize with new watch faces including Photo, Photo Album and Time-Lapse. Watch faces are even richer with third-party app complications that let users see news headlines, upcoming flight times and more. Time Travel allows users to conveniently explore events in the future by scrolling the Digital Crown.

 Apple Watch app developers can now take advantage of key hardware and APIs to create fast, fluid, native third-party apps such as playing back video in the CNN app, using the speaker and microphone in iTranslate or measuring heart rate while cycling with Strava.

Pricing & Availability
 Shipping today, Apple Watch is available on Apple.com and will be available in Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers, specialty stores and department stores over the next few days. For local availability, visit locate.apple.com.


 Apple Watch is available in two different sizes, 38 mm and 42 mm, in three collections, Apple Watch Sport, starting at $349 (US); Apple Watch, starting at $549 (US); and Apple Watch Edition, crafted from custom rose or yellow 18-karat gold alloys, with prices starting at $10,000 (US).

 Apple Watch requires iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus running iOS 8.2 or later.* watchOS 2 and iOS 9 will be available beginning Wednesday, September 16 as a free software update.

 *To use all watchOS 2 features, download iOS 9.

 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple and Herms Unveil the Apple Watch Herms Collection

SAN FRANCISCO and PARIS  September 9, 2015  Apple and Herms today introduced Apple Watch Herms, a new collection of Apple Watch in stainless steel with finely crafted leather bands in distinctive styles from Herms, including the Single Tour, Double Tour and Cuff, while respecting the design and functionality of the Apple Watch. The collaboration merges Apples unparalleled product innovation with the heritage, iconography and craftsmanship of Herms, creating a unique expression of Apple Watch.

Apple and Herms make very different products, but they reflect the deep appreciation of quality design, said Jonathan Ive, Apples chief design officer. Both companies are motivated by a sincere pursuit of excellence and the desire to create something that is not compromised. Apple Watch Herms is a true testament to that belief.

At Herms, we strive to provide our clients with elegant, creative and functional objects for their everyday lives, said Pierre-Alexis Dumas, Herms executive vice president in charge of artistic direction. What more contemporary and relevant expression of this principle could there be than this collaboration with Apple. We are strongly united by the same deeply held ideas and principles. I see it as the establishment of an alliance in excellence; like horse and carriage, a perfect team.

The Single Tour with the 38 mm stainless steel case comes in fauve Barenia leather, noir box leather and capucine Swift leather, while the Single Tour with 42 mm stainless steel case comes in fauve Barenia leather and noir box leather. The Double Tour pairs with the 38 mm stainless steel case and is available in fauve Barenia leather and bleu jean, capucine and etain Swift leather. The Cuff pairs with the 42 mm stainless steel case and is available in fauve Barenia leather only. Across the collection, each stainless steel case features an etching of the Herms signature and includes a customizable face with three exclusive dial designs inspired by Clipper, Cape Cod and Espace Herms watches.

Pricing & Availability
Apple Watch Herms starts at $1,100 (US) for the 38 mm stainless steel case with the Single Tour, $1,150 (US) for the 42 mm stainless steel case with the Single Tour, $1,250 (US) for the 38 mm stainless steel case with the Double Tour and $1,500 (US) for the 42 mm stainless steel case with the Cuff. The collection will be available at select Apple retail stores, select Herms stores, specialty stores and department stores beginning October 5 in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Korea, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and the US. For more information on Apple Watch Herms please visit www.apple.com/apple-watch-hermes or www.hermes.com/applewatchhermes.

The constant requirement for the finest quality has always been the quest of Herms. Since its establishment in 1837, six generations of enterprising and passionate artisans have contributed to spreading its values: a savoir-faire built on the application of highly precise and skilled crafts to the finest materials, the love for beautiful objects created to last over time and the spirit of constant innovation. A family owned company, Herms is managed by Chief Executive Officer, Axel Dumas, a member of the sixth generation of the Herms family.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
iOS 9 Available as a Free Update for iPhone, iPad & iPod touch Users September 16

Introduces More Intelligence, New Multitasking Features for iPad & More Powerful Built-in Apps
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today announced iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, will be available on Wednesday, September 16 as a free update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users. iOS 9 makes iOS devices more intelligent and proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy.

The way you interact with iPad gets even better with iOS 9, thanks to new multitasking features that let users view and interact with two apps at once, side by side. With Picture-in-Picture, users can play video while browsing the web, composing email or using other apps. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app offering new ways to capture ideas, detailed transit information in Maps, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.

iOS 9 is packed with intelligence that makes every experience with iPhone and iPad even more powerful  Siri can do more than ever and new proactive assistance helps you get more done before you ask, all while protecting users privacy, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. With iOS 9 we focused on strengthening the foundation of iOS with a deep focus on quality, and with the help of more than one million users who participated in our first ever public beta program, were excited to release the best version of iOS yet.

Intelligence
In iOS 9, every experience with iPhone gets even better, with new intelligence that works behind the scenes to present the right information at the right time. Proactive assistance presents the most relevant information at a given time of day and suggests actions at that particular moment based on the apps you use frequently and the time of day you use them. Siri features an all-new design, contextual reminders based on time and location, and new ways to search photos and videos. Search queries deliver more relevant results from more categories, including sports scores and schedules, simple math calculations, weather conditions and stock prices.

iPad Experience
iOS 9 delivers new multitasking features designed specifically for iPad that allow you to do even more:
 Slide Over lets you simultaneously work in a second app without leaving the one youre in and easily switch between your apps.
 Split View allows you to view and interact with two apps at the same time, side by side, and resize your view to prioritize one app over another.
 Picture-in-Picture lets you continue a video or FaceTime call while using your favorite apps.
 Typing is faster and easier with an all-new Shortcut Bar that displays convenient editing tools, and new Multi-Touch gestures make it even easier to select, edit and move text.

Built-In Apps
The powerful built-in apps on iPhone and iPad are designed for all your essential, everyday tasks. In iOS 9, were delivering a completely redesigned Notes app, support for transit in Maps, an all-new News app and new capabilities in Apple Pay.

The completely redesigned Notes app includes the ability to draw a quick sketch using your finger, easily create checklists to keep track of your to-dos or snap a photo directly in a note. Important items can be saved directly to the Notes app from other apps and are kept in sync across all your enabled devices with iCloud.

Maps adds support for metropolitan transit systems and schedules, and subway station entrances and exits are precisely mapped. When you plan your trip, Maps can offer a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, and presents you with whats nearby, delivering options for local food, drinks, shopping and more.*

News delivers a reading experience that combines the rich, immersive design of a print magazine with the interactivity of digital media. News can learn your interests and suggest relevant content thats easily shareable or saved for later, and delivers the best articles from more than 50 publishers, representing hundreds of titles from the worlds most influential news, sports, business and magazine brands, covering over one million topics.**

Apple Pay adds support for Discover, merchant rewards programs and participating store-issued credit and debit cards. Shoppers will be able to manage their cards in the new Wallet app.

Foundation
This latest release makes the foundation of iOS even stronger with refinements including battery optimization that provides a typical user with an additional hour of battery life, and a low-power mode to further extend battery life.*** Software updates require less space to install and the Install Later feature can perform updates to your device when its not in use. Enhanced security features in iOS 9 keep your devices and Apple ID secure by strengthening the passcode that protects your devices and improving two-factor authentication by building it directly into iOS, making it harder for others to gain unauthorized access to your Apple ID. iOS 9 apps and the user interface now take advantage of Metal to deliver faster scrolling, smoother animation and better overall performance.

Availability
iOS 9 will be available beginning Wednesday, September 16 as a free software update for iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch 5th generation and later, iPad 2 and later and iPad mini and later. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. For more information visit www.apple.com/ios.

*Transit information in Maps is available in select major cities, including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. Nearby information is available in the US and China.
**News app availability varies by country.
***Battery life depends on usage and settings.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
James Bell Joins Apples Board of Directors

CUPERTINO, California  October 1, 2015  Apple today announced that James A. Bell, former chief financial officer and corporate president of The Boeing Company, has been elected to Apples board of directors. Bell brings more than four decades of experience in finance, strategic planning and leadership in complex organizations. During his 38-year career at Boeing, he also oversaw Boeing Capital Corporation and Boeing Shared Services, and was interim CEO of The Boeing Company in 2005.

James brings a wealth of global, financial and industrial experience from his successful career at Boeing as corporate president and CFO, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. I am thrilled to welcome him to Apples board of directors and I look forward to working with him.

We look for outstanding individuals to strengthen our boards breadth of talent and depth of knowledge, and we are very happy to have identified a fantastic person in James Bell, said Art Levinson, Apples chairman. Im confident that he will make many important contributions to Apple.

I am an avid user of Apple products and have a tremendous respect for the companys ability to innovate, said Bell. I am delighted to join the Apple board and look forward to contributing to its continued success in any way I can.

Bell is a member of the board of directors of JP Morgan Chase, Dow Chemical Company, CDW, and a Trustee of Chicagos Rush University Medical Center. He has also worked with New Leaders for New Schools to help develop talented teachers and principals, and served on many community-based boards. Bell attended California State University, Los Angeles where he earned a bachelors degree in Accounting.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
