Apple Announces New Environmental Initiatives in China

BEIJINGMay 11, 2015Apple today announced an expansion of its renewable energy and environmental protection initiatives in China, including a new multi-year project with World Wildlife Fund to significantly increase responsibly managed forests across China. The new forestland program aims to protect as much as 1 million acres of responsibly managed working forests which provide fiber for pulp, paper and wood products.

Apples goal is to achieve a net-zero impact on the worlds supply of sustainable virgin fiber and power all its operations worldwide on 100 percent renewable energy.

Forests, like energy, can be renewable resources, said Lisa Jackson, Apples vice president of Environmental Initiatives. We believe we can run on naturally renewable resources and ensure that we protectand createas much sustainable working forest as needed to produce the virgin paper in our product packaging. This is an important step toward that goal and our commitment to leave the world better than we found it.

Apple also announced its intent to expand its industry-leading renewable energy projects to manufacturing facilities in China.

Weve set an example by greening our data centers, retail stores and corporate offices, and were ready to start leading the way toward reducing carbon emissions from manufacturing, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. This wont happen overnightin fact it will take yearsbut its important work that has to happen, and Apple is in a unique position to take the initiative toward this ambitious goal. It is a responsibility we accept. We are excited to work with leaders in our supply chain who want to be on the cutting edge of Chinas green transformation.

Todays announcements come three weeks after Apple launched its first major solar project in China. Solar installations in Sichuan Province will generate far more energy than needed to power all of Apples corporate offices and retail stores in China.

Apple is partnering with Leshan Electric Power Co., Sichuan Development Holding Co., Ltd, Tianjin Tsinlien Investment Holding Co., Ltd, Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co., Ltd, and SunPower Corporation on the project encompassing two 20-megawatt solar farms. Together the project will generate up to 80 million kilowatt hours per year of clean energy, enough to power the equivalent of 61,000 Chinese homes.  Thats clean energy added to the grid that would otherwise not be there.

The solar projects were carefully designed to minimize their ecological impact and protect the grasslands that support the yak population, which is also important to the local economy. Today 87 percent of Apples global operations run on renewable energy, and the Sichuan Province solar project will bring Apple even closer to its commitment to reach 100 percent.

Apples support for this project and its environmental leadership show that protecting forests is not just good for society but important for business, said Lo Sze Ping, Chief Executive Officer for WWF China. This collaboration between our two organizations will seek to reduce Chinas ecological footprint by helping produce more wood from responsibly managed forests within its own borders. Doing so is essential to China, the worlds biggest timber importer. Our hope is this will catalyze a new model of corporate leadership in promoting sustainable forest management and using paper resources more efficiently and responsibly around the world.

Learn more about Apples environmental efforts at www.apple.com/environment.

Apple in China
Apple operates 19 corporate offices and 22 retail stores in China, including Hong Kong, directly employing 8,000 people. In total, Apple has helped create and support over 3 million jobs in China, including at least 1.5 million iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem.

Developers in China have earned more than $3.4 billion through the worldwide sale of apps on the App Store, with over half of that amount paid in the last 12 months alone. App Store income earned by Chinas developers is growing at a faster rate than any other major market in the world.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Apple Introduces 15-inch MacBook Pro with Force Touch Trackpad & New $1,999 iMac with Retina 5K Display

CUPERTINO, CaliforniaMay 19, 2015Apple today updated the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display with the new Force Touch trackpad, faster flash storage, longer battery life and faster discrete graphics, delivering even more performance and capabilities to the MacBook Pro line. Apple also today introduced a new $1,999 configuration of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display featuring a breathtaking 14.7 million pixel display, quad-core processors and AMD graphics, and lowered the price of the top-end iMac with Retina 5K display to $2,299.

The response to the new MacBook and updated 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display has been amazing, and today we are thrilled to bring the new Force Touch trackpad, faster flash storage and longer battery life to the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. Customers love the groundbreaking iMac with Retina 5K display, and now with a new lower starting price, even more people can experience the best desktop weve ever made.

The updated 15-inch MacBook Pro features the amazing Force Touch trackpad that brings a new dimension of interactivity to the Mac. With built-in force sensors and a Taptic Engine that delivers haptic feedback, the Force Touch trackpad allows you to click anywhere with a uniform feel and customize the amount of pressure needed to register each click. The new trackpad supports a range of new gestures, including the new Force click, and APIs are available for third-party developers to incorporate Force Touch capabilities into their apps. The updated 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display also features up to 2.5 times faster flash storage than the previous generation, with throughput up to 2GBps, and offers an additional hour of battery life, with up to 9 hours of wireless web browsing and up to 9 hours of iTunes movie playback.* In addition, MacBook Pro with Retina display discrete graphics deliver up to 80 percent faster performance using new AMD Radeon R9 M370X graphics for editing video in Final Cut Pro X, rendering 3D images in pro graphics apps or playing high-resolution games.**

With a resolution of 5120 x 2880, the new $1,999 iMac with Retina 5K display has 67 percent more pixels than a 4K display, and features a 3.3 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost Speeds up to 3.7 GHz and AMD Radeon R9 M290 graphics. The new iMac also includes 8GB of memory and 1TB of storage, as well as four USB 3.0 ports and two Thunderbolt 2 ports that deliver up to 20Gbps each, twice the bandwidth of the previous generation. The top-end iMac with Retina 5K display now starts at $2,299 and features a 3.5 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.9 GHz, AMD Radeon R9 M290X graphics and a 1TB Fusion Drive.

Every new Mac comes with OS X Yosemite, the worlds most advanced desktop operating system, redesigned and refined with a fresh, modern look, powerful new apps, and Continuity features that make working across your Mac and iOS devices more fluid than ever.

Photos, iMovie and GarageBand, and iWork come free with every new Mac. Photos for OS X keeps your growing photo and video collection automatically organized, easy to navigate and accessible across all of your compatible Apple devices using iCloud Photo Library. iMovie lets you easily create beautiful movies, and you can use GarageBand to make new music or learn to play piano or guitar. The iWork suite of Pages, Numbers and Keynote makes it easy to create, edit and share stunning documents, spreadsheets and presentations. Pages, Numbers and Keynote for iCloud let you create a document on iPhone or iPad, edit it on your Mac and collaborate with friends, even if they are on a PC.

Pricing & Availability
The updated 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display is available today through the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers with a 2.2 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.4 GHz, 16GB of memory, 256GB of flash storage and Intel Iris Pro graphics starting at $1,999 (US); and with a 2.5 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.7 GHz, 16GB of memory, 512GB of flash storage and AMD Radeon R9 M370X graphics starting at $2,499 (US). Configure-to-order options include faster quad-core Intel Core i7 processors up to 2.8 GHz with Turbo Boost speeds up to 4.0 GHz and flash storage up to 1TB. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/macbook-pro.

The new 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display is available today through the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers with a 3.3 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost Speeds up to 3.7 GHz, AMD Radeon R9 M290 graphics and 1TB of storage starting at $1,999 (US). The top-end iMac now starts at $2,299 (US) and features a 3.5 GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.9 GHz, AMD Radeon R9 M290X graphics and a 1TB Fusion Drive. Configure-to-order options include faster quad-core Intel Core i7 processors up to 4.0 GHz with Turbo Boost speeds up to 4.4 GHz and flash storage up to 1TB. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/imac.

*The Wireless Web protocol testing was conducted by Apple in May 2015 using preproduction MacBook Pro with Retina display configurations. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook-pro.
**Testing conducted by Apple in May 2015 using preproduction MacBook Pro with Retina display configurations. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook-pro/features-retina/.

Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices with iPad.
Apple Introduces The Best iPod touch Yet

Featuring New Colors, A8 Chip, 8 Megapixel iSight Camera & Apple Music
CUPERTINO, California  July 15, 2015  Apple today introduced the best iPod touch yet and unveiled a new lineup of colors for all iPod models, including space gray, silver, gold, pink and blue. The ultra-portable iPod touch features a new 8 megapixel iSight camera for beautiful photos, an improved FaceTime HD camera for even better selfies, the Apple-designed A8 chip with 10 times faster graphics performance for a more immersive gaming experience, and even better fitness tracking with the M8 motion coprocessor. With the newly launched Apple Music service, members can enjoy playlists curated by the most talented music experts from around the world, stay in-the-know on music culture with a global 24/7 broadcast on Beats 1 radio, and comment on or like backstage photos and videos shared directly by their favorite artists on Connect.

"iPod touch gives customers around the world access to Apple Music, the App Store and iOS, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, starting at just $199, said Greg Joswiak, Apples vice president of iPhone, iPod and iOS Product Marketing. With big advancements like the A8 chip and the 8 megapixel iSight camera, customers can experience next-level gameplay, take even more beautiful photos and enjoy their favorite music, TV shows and movies.

With the A8 chip, the same used in the revolutionary iPhone 6, users can play even more immersive games for hours at a time, all the while with great battery life. iPod touch has become one of the worlds most loved mobile gaming experiences  its 4-inch Retina display and rich collection of gaming titles are further enhanced with incredible graphics performance and thousands of Metal-optimized games. With the advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras, iPod touch owners, for the first time, can have fun with popular features including slo-mo and burst mode, while capturing memories and everyday moments with gorgeous photos and videos. Three times faster Wi-Fi lets customers stay in touch with friends and family through FaceTime calls, and download movies and TV shows with ease.

The App Store on iPod touch, available in 155 countries, gives users access to 1.5 million apps across 24 categories. iPod touch is also the perfect way to carry your music collection in your pocket. iTunes boasts the worlds largest music catalog, and with Apple Music, customers have access to the revolutionary streaming music service, Beats 1, Apples first ever live radio station, and Connect, where artists can communicate directly to fans. Apple Music is available on iPod touch through the Music app  users are invited to a 3-month trial, after which a $9.99/month membership fee will apply. There is a family plan providing service for up to six family members available for just $14.99/month.

iPod touch comes with iOS 8 and a collection of powerful built-in apps. Send unlimited voice and video text messages through iMessage over Wi-Fi, quickly make edits to your photos with the Photos app and keep track of your fitness and wellness with the Health app. With Family Sharing, up to six family members can share purchases from iTunes, iBooks and the App Store, along with photos and calendars. Parents can also create Apple IDs for children which includes Ask to Buy where parental permission is required for all purchases.

Pricing & Availability
The new iPod touch starts at $199 (US) for the 16GB model, $249 (US) for 32GB and $299 (US) for 64GB, and the entire iPod family in its five new colors is available starting today through the Apple Online Store (www.apple.com), Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. For the first time, iPod touch is available in a 128GB model for $399 (US) through Apple Retail Stores and the Apple Online Store, along with the (PRODUCT)RED lineup. iPod touch requires a Wi-Fi connection or a Mac or PC; USB 2.0 port; Mac OS X v10.7.5 or later; Windows 7, Windows 8 or later; and iTunes 12.2 or later. An Apple ID is required for some iPod touch features.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
FY 15 Third Quarter Results Conference Call

WHAT: Apple FY 15 Third Quarter Results Conference Call

WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in number for press is (877) 616-0061 (toll-free) or (719) 219-0037. Please enter confirmation code 830070.

WHEN: Tuesday, July 21, 2015, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT

REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, July 21 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, August 4 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in number for the rebroadcast is (888) 203-1112  (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 9957771.

WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 15 Third Quarter Results Conference Call using Apples industry-leading QuickTime multimedia software. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on Tuesday, July 21, 2015 at www.apple.com/quicktime/qtv/earningsq315 and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Streaming audio requires iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch running iOS 4.2 or above, a Mac running OS X 10.6.8 or above or a PC running Windows 7 and QuickTime 7 or later. Safari or Internet Explorer also required. If you do not have QuickTime installed on your Windows PC, it is available at www.apple.com/quicktime.

This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Introduces iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus

Next Generation of Multi-Touch Arrives in The Most Advanced iPhones Ever
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today announced iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, adding a powerful new dimension to iPhones revolutionary Multi-Touch interface. The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new iPhones are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.

The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything  3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminum, ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and 5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are going to love them.

3D Touch
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to enable new gestures  Peek and Pop  so you can dip in and out of content without losing your place. Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen.

Camera Innovations
The worlds most popular camera is even better in the new iPhones with new ways to capture and relive unforgettable moments. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus introduce Live Photos, which go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a press, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so you can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time.

High-definition video improves with support for 4K  with a resolution of 3840 x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels  and the expansion of optical image stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus, for taking beautiful videos in lower light. After capturing 4K video, you can edit on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can even edit two simultaneous streams.

Additional camera advancements include:
 a new state-of-the-art 12-megapixel sensor with advanced pixel technology and Apple-designed image signal processor, for truer colors and sharper, more detailed photos; and
 a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone lighting, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light.

Advanced Technology
A9, Apples third-generation 64-bit chip powers these innovations with 70 percent faster CPU and 90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8, all with gains in energy efficiency for great battery life. The A9 chip and iOS 9 are architected together for optimal performance where it matters most, in real world usage. M9, Apples next-generation motion coprocessor, is embedded into A9, allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including Hey Siri, without iPhone needing to be plugged in.

With advanced wireless technologies including faster Wi-Fi and LTE Advanced, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus users can browse, download and stream content even faster. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands  the most in any smartphone  for better worldwide roaming.

iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features
to further protect your devices.

Pricing & Availability  iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes for $0 down with 24 monthly payments starting at $27 (US) and $31 (US), respectively, from Apples retail stores in the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.
 Exclusively at Apples retail stores in the US, customers can choose their carrier and get an unlocked iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus with the opportunity to get a new iPhone annually and AppleCare+ on the new iPhone Upgrade Program with monthly payments starting at $32 (US) and $37 (US), respectively.
 Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.
 Apple-designed accessories including leather and silicone cases in a range of colors and Lightning Docks in color-matched metallic finishes will also be available.

 Data plan required. LTE Advanced and LTE are available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE.
 Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.
 Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and eligibility may apply.
 The iPhone Upgrade Program is available to qualified customers only with a valid US personal credit card. Requires a 24-month installment loan with Citizens Bank, N.A. and iPhone activation with a national carrier  AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile or Verizon. Full terms apply.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Brings Innovation Back to Television with The All-New Apple TV

The App Store, Siri Remote & tvOS are Coming to Your Living Room
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today announced the all-new Apple TV, bringing a revolutionary experience to the living room based on apps built for the television. Apps on Apple TV let you choose what to watch and when you watch it.The new Apple TVs remote features Siri, so you can search with your voice for TV shows and movies across multiple content providers simultaneously.

The all-new Apple TV is built from the ground up with a new generation of high-performance hardware and introduces an intuitive and fun user interface using the Siri Remote. Apple TV runs the all-new tvOS operating system, based on Apples iOS, enabling millions of iOS developers to create innovative new apps and games specifically for Apple TV and deliver them directly to users through the new Apple TV App Store.

There has been so much innovation in entertainment and programming through iOS apps, we want to bring that same excitement to the television, said Eddy Cue, Apples senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. Apps make the TV experience even more compelling for viewers and we think apps represent the future of TV.

The new Siri Remote dramatically simplifies how you select, scroll and navigate through your favorite content while bringing unique interactivity to the new Apple TV by using a glass touch surface that handles both small, accurate movements as well as big, sweeping ones. Adding touch to Apple TV creates a natural, connected experience, even if the TV screen is on the other side of the room. Developers can take advantage of the built-in accelerometer and gyroscope, and the touch surface on the Siri Remote to create games and other app experiences that have never been seen on TV before.

With Siri, you can use your voice to search TV shows and movies by title, genre, cast, crew, rating or popularity, making it easy to say things like Show me New Girl, Find the best funny movies from the 80s, Find movies with Jason Bateman and Find popular TV shows for kids. Apple TV will search iTunes and popular apps from Netflix, Hulu, HBO and Showtime, displaying all the ways the resulting TV shows and movies can be played. Siri also offers playback control and on-screen navigation, as well as quick access to sports, stock and weather information.*

tvOS is the new operating system for Apple TV, and the tvOS SDK provides tools and APIs for developers to create amazing experiences for the living room the same way they created a global app phenomenon for iPhone and iPad. The new, more powerful Apple TV features the Apple-designed A8 chip for even better performance so developers can build engaging games and custom content apps for the TV. tvOS supports key iOS technologies including Metal, for detailed graphics, complex visual effects and Game Center, to play and share games with friends.

Pricing & Availability
The new Apple TV will be available at the end of October starting at $149 (US) for a 32GB model and $199 (US) for a 64GB model from Apple.com, Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers. A new Xcode beta is available for developers today that includes the tvOS SDK at developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads. Developers can request an Apple TV developer kit at developer.apple.com/tvos/.

*Siri availability and functionality varies by country. Subscription required for some content.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Introduces iPad Pro Featuring Epic 12.9-inch Retina Display

Apple Pencil & Smart Keyboard Bring Breakthrough Levels of Precision & Utility to iPad Pro
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today introduced the all-new iPad Pro, featuring a stunning 12.9-inch Retina display with 5.6 million pixels, the most ever in an iOS device, and groundbreaking performance with the new 64-bit A9X chip, rivaling most portable PCs. The new larger iPad Pro is thin and light and provides all-day battery life. There are more than 850,000 apps in the App Store designed specifically for iPad, and the new iPad Pro will enable a new generation of advanced apps for everything from productivity, design, illustration, engineering and medical, to education, gaming and entertainment.

Apple today also introduced Apple Pencil for iPad Pro, a precision input device available for purchase separately, which makes drawing and sketching feel remarkably fluid and natural. The touch subsystem of the Multi-Touch display in iPad Pro has been redesigned to work with Apple Pencil to dramatically reduce latency and deliver incredible accuracy for activities like fine art illustration and detailed 3D design. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a fast and fluid drawing experience, while a built-in Lightning connector makes for quick and easy pairing and charging. Apple Pencil also works with popular apps like Mail, Notes, Procreate and Office 365 for iPad, offering new levels of creativity and productivity.

Apples new Smart Keyboard further extends the utility of iPad Pro, offering a full-sized keyboard in a thin, durable design so you can take it anywhere. The Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, attaches to iPad Pros innovative Smart Connector port, eliminating the need for a separate battery, on/off switch or Bluetooth pairing. The Smart Keyboard is covered in custom woven fabric and features keys that provide the accuracy, stability and satisfying key feel of standard keyboards, but is also easily foldable and can transform into a Smart Cover. The Smart Keyboard also works seamlessly with new QuickType features in iOS 9 to make typing even faster and easier.

iPad Pro is the most advanced and powerful iPad we have ever made. Its beautiful and large 12.9-inch Retina display has 5.6 million pixels and provides an immersive experience for content and apps. The iPad Pro is far and away the fastest iOS device we have ever made  its A9X chip beats most portable PCs in both CPU and graphics tasks, but is thin and light enough to hold all day, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. The innovative Apple Pencil and new Smart Keyboard enable users to customize their iPad Pro experience to the particular apps they use and the work they do, making iPad Pro ideal for everything from professional productivity to advanced 3D design.

Innovative Design
iPad Pros 12.9-inch Retina display, with 5.6 million pixels and refined Multi-Touch technology, is the most advanced and highest resolution display ever in an iOS device. It delivers greater contrast, more uniform brightness and improved energy efficiency through photo alignment technology, oxide TFT and variable refresh rate. A new four-speaker audio design provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound, and a refined unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum gives iPad Pro a sturdy feel with a thin and light design that is easy to hold.

Powerful Technology
iPad Pro delivers groundbreaking performance and energy efficiency, so you can tackle the most demanding tasks. Apples powerful new 64-bit A9X chip, with third-generation 64-bit architecture, provides desktop-class CPU performance and console-class graphics. Ultra-fast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for a wide range of LTE bands and other fast cellular network technologies (DC-HSDPA, HSPA+).* All-day 10-hour battery life** delivers the efficiency that users have come to expect from iPad.

iOS 9
iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more intelligence to iPad with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. New multitasking features designed specifically for iPad allow users to do more at the same time, while built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps and an all-new News app*** for the best news reading experience on any mobile device. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and advanced security features to further protect your device.

Pricing & Availability
iPad Pro starts at $799 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $1079 (US) for the Wi-Fi + Cellular 128GB model, comes in three gorgeous metallic finishes including silver, gold and space gray and will be available starting in November from Apple.com, Apples retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.

Apple Pencil will be available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard will be available in charcoal gray for $169 (US). New polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Covers will be available for $59 (US) in charcoal gray and white. New iPad Pro Silicone Cases will be available for $79 (US) in charcoal gray and white. iPad Pro accessories will be available starting in November.

*Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE
**Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary.
***Transit information in Maps will be available in select major cities including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. News app availability varies by country.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple Introduces watchOS 2 with Native Apps and New Gold & Rose Gold Aluminum Apple Watch Sport Models

Native Apps, New Watch Faces, Time Travel & More Arrive with watchOS 2 September 16

SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today introduced beautiful new Apple Watch cases and bands, available starting today, including new gold and rose gold aluminum Apple Watch Sport models. Since its release, Apple Watch has helped users receive and respond to notifications, interact by simply speaking to Siri, conveniently use Apple Pay and track their health and fitness activity. watchOS 2 arrives as a free update on September 16 and further enhances this groundbreaking experience with new features and native third-party apps.

 watchOS 2 makes apps faster and more fluid by running natively on Apple Watch, and introduces new watch faces, the ability for third-party apps to display information on the watch face as complications, and an innovative way to see future events, past headlines and more with Time Travel. watchOS 2 also includes new communication features such as the ability to respond quickly to Mail with dictation, Smart Replies or emoji, and Digital Touch enables more creativity with multiple sketch colors.

 Our customers love Apple Watch and tell us its incredible health and fitness features are having a huge impact on their lives, said Jeff Williams, Apples senior vice president of Operations. Were excited to expand Apple Watchs functionality with watchOS 2 and offer even more personal choice with beautiful new styles and colors.

Expanded Assortment of Apple Watch Styles
 Apple Watch collections are expanding with new case colors and fresh new bands. With new standalone Sport Bands that range from rich vibrant colors to more neutral tones, Apple Watch is now more customizable than ever:
 Apple Watch Sports lightweight anodized aluminum case now comes in two new beautiful colors, gold aluminum and rose gold aluminum paired with high-performance fluoroelastomer Sport Bands in lavender, antique white, stone and midnight blue.
 Apple Watch Sport silver aluminum is now available with new orange or blue Sport Bands.
 The stainless steel Apple Watch collection offers a variety of new bands including a two-toned Classic Buckle in black or saddle brown.
 The Apple Watch space black stainless steel case is now available with a black Sport Band.
 Apple Watch Edition now includes an 18-karat rose gold case with a midnight blue Classic Buckle.

 Apple Watch joins Apples commitment to (PRODUCT)RED with a stainless steel case and a (PRODUCT)RED Sport Band with a portion of the proceeds going to the Global Fund to fight AIDS.

 Apple Watch bands for the entire Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch collections are available to purchase separately, along with four new Sport Band colors in fog, turquoise, vintage rose and walnut.

 View the full line-up in the Apple Watch gallery.

watchOS 2 & Native Third-Party Apps
 watchOS 2, the first major software update for Apple Watch, available September 16, provides even more ways to customize with new watch faces including Photo, Photo Album and Time-Lapse. Watch faces are even richer with third-party app complications that let users see news headlines, upcoming flight times and more. Time Travel allows users to conveniently explore events in the future by scrolling the Digital Crown.

 Apple Watch app developers can now take advantage of key hardware and APIs to create fast, fluid, native third-party apps such as playing back video in the CNN app, using the speaker and microphone in iTranslate or measuring heart rate while cycling with Strava.

Pricing & Availability
 Shipping today, Apple Watch is available on Apple.com and will be available in Apples retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers, specialty stores and department stores over the next few days. For local availability, visit locate.apple.com.


 Apple Watch is available in two different sizes, 38 mm and 42 mm, in three collections, Apple Watch Sport, starting at $349 (US); Apple Watch, starting at $549 (US); and Apple Watch Edition, crafted from custom rose or yellow 18-karat gold alloys, with prices starting at $10,000 (US).

 Apple Watch requires iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus running iOS 8.2 or later.* watchOS 2 and iOS 9 will be available beginning Wednesday, September 16 as a free software update.

 *To use all watchOS 2 features, download iOS 9.

 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Apple and Herms Unveil the Apple Watch Herms Collection

SAN FRANCISCO and PARIS  September 9, 2015  Apple and Herms today introduced Apple Watch Herms, a new collection of Apple Watch in stainless steel with finely crafted leather bands in distinctive styles from Herms, including the Single Tour, Double Tour and Cuff, while respecting the design and functionality of the Apple Watch. The collaboration merges Apples unparalleled product innovation with the heritage, iconography and craftsmanship of Herms, creating a unique expression of Apple Watch.

Apple and Herms make very different products, but they reflect the deep appreciation of quality design, said Jonathan Ive, Apples chief design officer. Both companies are motivated by a sincere pursuit of excellence and the desire to create something that is not compromised. Apple Watch Herms is a true testament to that belief.

At Herms, we strive to provide our clients with elegant, creative and functional objects for their everyday lives, said Pierre-Alexis Dumas, Herms executive vice president in charge of artistic direction. What more contemporary and relevant expression of this principle could there be than this collaboration with Apple. We are strongly united by the same deeply held ideas and principles. I see it as the establishment of an alliance in excellence; like horse and carriage, a perfect team.

The Single Tour with the 38 mm stainless steel case comes in fauve Barenia leather, noir box leather and capucine Swift leather, while the Single Tour with 42 mm stainless steel case comes in fauve Barenia leather and noir box leather. The Double Tour pairs with the 38 mm stainless steel case and is available in fauve Barenia leather and bleu jean, capucine and etain Swift leather. The Cuff pairs with the 42 mm stainless steel case and is available in fauve Barenia leather only. Across the collection, each stainless steel case features an etching of the Herms signature and includes a customizable face with three exclusive dial designs inspired by Clipper, Cape Cod and Espace Herms watches.

Pricing & Availability
Apple Watch Herms starts at $1,100 (US) for the 38 mm stainless steel case with the Single Tour, $1,150 (US) for the 42 mm stainless steel case with the Single Tour, $1,250 (US) for the 38 mm stainless steel case with the Double Tour and $1,500 (US) for the 42 mm stainless steel case with the Cuff. The collection will be available at select Apple retail stores, select Herms stores, specialty stores and department stores beginning October 5 in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Korea, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and the US. For more information on Apple Watch Herms please visit www.apple.com/apple-watch-hermes or www.hermes.com/applewatchhermes.

The constant requirement for the finest quality has always been the quest of Herms. Since its establishment in 1837, six generations of enterprising and passionate artisans have contributed to spreading its values: a savoir-faire built on the application of highly precise and skilled crafts to the finest materials, the love for beautiful objects created to last over time and the spirit of constant innovation. A family owned company, Herms is managed by Chief Executive Officer, Axel Dumas, a member of the sixth generation of the Herms family.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
iOS 9 Available as a Free Update for iPhone, iPad & iPod touch Users September 16

Introduces More Intelligence, New Multitasking Features for iPad & More Powerful Built-in Apps
SAN FRANCISCO  September 9, 2015  Apple today announced iOS 9, the worlds most advanced mobile operating system, will be available on Wednesday, September 16 as a free update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users. iOS 9 makes iOS devices more intelligent and proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features, all while protecting users privacy.

The way you interact with iPad gets even better with iOS 9, thanks to new multitasking features that let users view and interact with two apps at once, side by side. With Picture-in-Picture, users can play video while browsing the web, composing email or using other apps. Built-in apps become more powerful with a redesigned Notes app offering new ways to capture ideas, detailed transit information in Maps, and an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.

iOS 9 is packed with intelligence that makes every experience with iPhone and iPad even more powerful  Siri can do more than ever and new proactive assistance helps you get more done before you ask, all while protecting users privacy, said Craig Federighi, Apples senior vice president of Software Engineering. With iOS 9 we focused on strengthening the foundation of iOS with a deep focus on quality, and with the help of more than one million users who participated in our first ever public beta program, were excited to release the best version of iOS yet.

Intelligence
In iOS 9, every experience with iPhone gets even better, with new intelligence that works behind the scenes to present the right information at the right time. Proactive assistance presents the most relevant information at a given time of day and suggests actions at that particular moment based on the apps you use frequently and the time of day you use them. Siri features an all-new design, contextual reminders based on time and location, and new ways to search photos and videos. Search queries deliver more relevant results from more categories, including sports scores and schedules, simple math calculations, weather conditions and stock prices.

iPad Experience
iOS 9 delivers new multitasking features designed specifically for iPad that allow you to do even more:
 Slide Over lets you simultaneously work in a second app without leaving the one youre in and easily switch between your apps.
 Split View allows you to view and interact with two apps at the same time, side by side, and resize your view to prioritize one app over another.
 Picture-in-Picture lets you continue a video or FaceTime call while using your favorite apps.
 Typing is faster and easier with an all-new Shortcut Bar that displays convenient editing tools, and new Multi-Touch gestures make it even easier to select, edit and move text.

Built-In Apps
The powerful built-in apps on iPhone and iPad are designed for all your essential, everyday tasks. In iOS 9, were delivering a completely redesigned Notes app, support for transit in Maps, an all-new News app and new capabilities in Apple Pay.

The completely redesigned Notes app includes the ability to draw a quick sketch using your finger, easily create checklists to keep track of your to-dos or snap a photo directly in a note. Important items can be saved directly to the Notes app from other apps and are kept in sync across all your enabled devices with iCloud.

Maps adds support for metropolitan transit systems and schedules, and subway station entrances and exits are precisely mapped. When you plan your trip, Maps can offer a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, and presents you with whats nearby, delivering options for local food, drinks, shopping and more.*

News delivers a reading experience that combines the rich, immersive design of a print magazine with the interactivity of digital media. News can learn your interests and suggest relevant content thats easily shareable or saved for later, and delivers the best articles from more than 50 publishers, representing hundreds of titles from the worlds most influential news, sports, business and magazine brands, covering over one million topics.**

Apple Pay adds support for Discover, merchant rewards programs and participating store-issued credit and debit cards. Shoppers will be able to manage their cards in the new Wallet app.

Foundation
This latest release makes the foundation of iOS even stronger with refinements including battery optimization that provides a typical user with an additional hour of battery life, and a low-power mode to further extend battery life.*** Software updates require less space to install and the Install Later feature can perform updates to your device when its not in use. Enhanced security features in iOS 9 keep your devices and Apple ID secure by strengthening the passcode that protects your devices and improving two-factor authentication by building it directly into iOS, making it harder for others to gain unauthorized access to your Apple ID. iOS 9 apps and the user interface now take advantage of Metal to deliver faster scrolling, smoother animation and better overall performance.

Availability
iOS 9 will be available beginning Wednesday, September 16 as a free software update for iPhone 4s and later, iPod touch 5th generation and later, iPad 2 and later and iPad mini and later. Some features may not be available in all regions or all languages. For more information visit www.apple.com/ios.

*Transit information in Maps is available in select major cities, including Baltimore, Berlin, Chicago, London, Mexico City, New York City, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area, Toronto and Washington D.C., as well as over 300 cities in China, including Beijing, Chengdu and Shanghai. Nearby information is available in the US and China.
**News app availability varies by country.
***Battery life depends on usage and settings.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
James Bell Joins Apples Board of Directors

CUPERTINO, California  October 1, 2015  Apple today announced that James A. Bell, former chief financial officer and corporate president of The Boeing Company, has been elected to Apples board of directors. Bell brings more than four decades of experience in finance, strategic planning and leadership in complex organizations. During his 38-year career at Boeing, he also oversaw Boeing Capital Corporation and Boeing Shared Services, and was interim CEO of The Boeing Company in 2005.

James brings a wealth of global, financial and industrial experience from his successful career at Boeing as corporate president and CFO, said Tim Cook, Apples CEO. I am thrilled to welcome him to Apples board of directors and I look forward to working with him.

We look for outstanding individuals to strengthen our boards breadth of talent and depth of knowledge, and we are very happy to have identified a fantastic person in James Bell, said Art Levinson, Apples chairman. Im confident that he will make many important contributions to Apple.

I am an avid user of Apple products and have a tremendous respect for the companys ability to innovate, said Bell. I am delighted to join the Apple board and look forward to contributing to its continued success in any way I can.

Bell is a member of the board of directors of JP Morgan Chase, Dow Chemical Company, CDW, and a Trustee of Chicagos Rush University Medical Center. He has also worked with New Leaders for New Schools to help develop talented teachers and principals, and served on many community-based boards. Bell attended California State University, Los Angeles where he earned a bachelors degree in Accounting.

Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, the Mac and Apple Watch. Apples three software platforms  iOS, OS X and watchOS  provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apples 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.

                    Windows 10 logo. Photo: Microsoft
More than 110 million devices are powered by Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) latest operating system, Windows 10 -- and that's a problem for Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Windows 10 includes deep integration with Microsoft's search engine, Bing. Although Bing remains in a distant second place behind Alphabet's Google, the launch of Windows 10 is already having a positive affect on Microsoft's search business. As Windows 10 sees greater adoption, that trend should continue.
Bing finally achieves profitabilityFor most of its history, Bing has been a source of red ink and heavy criticism. In 2011, Bing was burning the Redmond tech giant for around $1 billion per quarter. Some, including hedge fund manager David Einhorn, encouraged Microsoft to sell it. But over the last four years, the situation has changed drastically, and last quarter (for the first time) Bing achieved profitability. According to management, it wasn't a fluke. "We expect Bing's strong trajectory to continue, remaining profitable for the remainder of the [fiscal] year," said CFO Amy Hood on Microsoft's most recent earnings call.
That profitability has been driven by greater usage. Bing's share of the U.S. search market rose to 20.7% last quarter, up from 19.8% in February. According to analytics firm comScore, Bing's share rose another 0.1% last month, hitting 20.8% in October. Alphabet's Google, meanwhile, has seen its share of the U.S. desktop search market fall modestly over the same period of time -- from 64.5% in February to 63.9% in October.
What Microsoft can do to take more shareIn its earnings slides, Microsoft identified Windows 10 as being the primary catalyst for Bing's profitability. By default, the Windows 10 browser, Microsoft Edge, directs users to Bing. The same was true of Microsoft's former browser, Internet Explorer, but Edge also includes Microsoft's digital personal assistant, Cortana, which relies on Bing. Moreover, Microsoftexplicitly discouragesWindows 10 users from downloading rival browsers that may rely on other search engines.
More importantly, the Windows 10 taskbar includes a search field that's powered by Cortana (and by extension Bing). "[Bing was]helped by Windows 10 users asking Cortana more than 1 billion questions," said Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella on Microsoft's earnings call.
Windows 10 has enjoyed rapid adoption since it launched in late July, but there are still hundreds of millions of additional PCs that could be upgraded to Windows 10 in the months and years ahead. The total number of installed PCs is around 1.5 billion, giving Windows 10 a penetration rate of under 10%.
Microsoft plans to bring Cortana to its Xbox One video game console next year, which should drive additionalincrementalsearchqueries.It's also in the process of testing Cortana apps for iOS and Android. Using a singleWindows account, iPhone and Android handset owners can link Cortana on their mobile phones to Cortana on their Windows PC. That utility could bring greater Cortana usage, and drive more search traffic to Bing.
A new operating system for traditional PCsMicrosoft isn't forcing Windows 10 users to take advantage of Cortana or to use Bing -- they can still turn to Alphabet's Google. Given that Google still controls around two-thirds of the U.S. desktop search market, many likely are. But Windows 10 remains a threat to Alphabet's business. Mobile computing is increasingly dominant, but around half of Google search queries still originate on the desktop, and desktop ads remain more lucrative.
In October, Re/code reported that Alphabet plans to introduce a version of Android designed for traditional PCs next year. Alphabet's Chrome OS has attracted significant attention, but has failed to gain mainstream acceptance. Android-powered PCs could challenge Windows 10 for desktop dominance, and limit Microsoft's search gains.
In total, Bing generated just over $1 billion for Microsoft last quarter -- less than 5% of its adjusted quarterly revenue. But the steady evolution of Bing -- from notorious money pit to profit-driver -- is one of the more intriguing aspects of Microsoft's business. It likely won't dethrone Alphabet in the search space, but Windows 10 is slowly making Bing a legitimate contender.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
                    
                







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) seems to have two major problems. The first problem is that it cant seem to make its cars as fast as it sells them  youll have to wait for at least a year before you can get a Model X. The second problem is that the firm is having trouble hiring new engineers faster than it fires/loses them. 9to5Google reports that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) auto has poached away the brain behind the creation of Teslas autopilot and a key player in ELon Musks SpaceX.
Tesla Motors Inc Model S factory line
Tesla Motors cried out about its need for talent to work on its cars about two weeks ago. CEO Elon Musk, took to Twitter to throw open the next round of hiring spree at the firm. He noted that the firm wanted to hire experts in autopilot software as it tries to push the evolution of its driver-assist system to become fully autonomous car systems in the not too distant future. It was noted that Tesla Motors has also lost its fair share of talents to rivals such as Appleand more recently, Faraday Futures.
Robert Rose leaves Tesla Motors

News has it that Google has hired Robert Rose who was the brain behind the creation of Tesla Motors autopilot and a key player in Elon Musks SpaceX.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Could Take a Lesson From This Gas Hog
To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

He spent 5 years working in SpaceX first Falcon 9 and Dragon flight and he rose to become the director of Flight Software before he joined the autopilot team at Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). He led the autopilot team to release v7.0 update. His position at Google is not yet defined but his LinkedIn profile says he is a Software Engineer at Google Robotics. Alphabet has been pushing its self-driving car project for a public debut by 2020.






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



From Tesla to Apple to Google, poaching talent is part of the game
To start with, the fastest route to creating the self-driving cars of the future will require full collaboration from all the key players in the market. Tesla Motors knows how to make EVs and it has decent autopilot features. Google has a fleet of full autonomous cars, but it doesnt have a production plant to scale and it cars still drive slowly at 25mph. Apple is tight-lipped about what it has done in the space, but we can rightly posit that the firm has a handle on design and car infotainment systems.
Since all the players in the self-driving space have refused to work as a team officially; poaching workers the best way to learn from one another without engaging in corporate espionage. Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) seems to make the loudest noise about the loss of its engineers to rival players in the self-driving car race. Truth be told, Tesla is as guilty of poaching key talent as the other firms are guilty of luring away its workers. Apple steals workers from Tesla, Tesla poaches workers from Apple, and Google has a number of steals to its credit.

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125334, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});

                           The notion that large cap companies become more value-based than growth-based has not affected Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) growth in recent times. Shares of the search engine giant surged 2.61% in trading today, at $782.94, an all-time high. The shares value has grown 44% since January this year.
At the same time, RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney believes this growth could continue long-term and reach $1000 valuation per share, despite his price target still standing at $880. Though his estimate may seem conflicting at first, it could mean that $1000 valuation is foreseeable, while price targets stand usually within a 12-month period.
Google went under a set of corporate restructurings in August and September, through which Alphabet Inc. emerged. From the said restructuring, the picture suddenly became very clear for investors. Each of the company's operating business segments became more transparent, allowing more room for its core business to breathe and grow.
Its not just the added transparency that has benefitted the company. Googles core business has kept on booming, reporting an impressive organic growth within 17%-23% year-over-year (YoY) range each quarter for three years in a row, despite extrapolated annual revenues of over $70 billion.
Moreover, its side businesses, YouTube and Google Play, are all accelerating at growth rates of over 40%. YouTube is expected to generate $7 billion in 2015 revenues, while Google Play is expected to generate $4 billion. Along with close to 50% operating margins the company maintains for its core business, Search and Advertisement, the above segments are likely to help it sustain high growth rates.
Meanwhile, the company is focusing its efforts on the cloud platform, with the recent appointment of Diane Greene as Vice President proving just that. Google recently acquired Bebop in this regard, and Pacific Crest analysts believe this is the most significant acquisition it has made till date, strategically speaking, since it acquired Motorola back in 2011. Google has for some time faced some turmoil in its cloud business, underperforming in relation to both Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS). However, the latest set of announcements proves it is ready to take on Amazon and Microsoft directly.
The cloud market could soon be worth $1.2 trillion in total addressable market (TAM), and $763 billion in serviceable available market (SAM). Even if Google manages to achieve a 1% share, that means it could add a $7.6 billion in revenues, which is enough to move the needle.
The company has a great opportunity to dig some value from its other bets, which includes Nest, Google Fiber, the Google Capital and Google Ventures investments. Both Nest, and Google Fiber have business models already in place to generate over $1 billion in revenues.                        

                           Alphabet Incs (NASDAQ:GOOG) latest appointment, former Tesla automobile engineer Robert Rose, is unlikely to work on the Google Self Driving Car (SDC) project, reports Business Insider. It is unclear exactly what projects he will focus on, but he was known to be within Tesla CEO Elon Musks close circles, and therefore brings in high quality expertise at Alphabets disposal. These credentials may see him eventually lead the robotics division.
Mr. Rose recently joined Google Robotics, after working at SpaceX for almost six years. He also served a brief stint at Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) this year, where he worked on Autopilot V7.0 feature. This had fueled speculation that he will utilize his technical expertise in developing Alphabets autonomous driving technology.
Self-driving vehicles incorporate robotics technology, and although Mr. Roses profile matches the car divisions requirements, his focus seems to be elsewhere.
However, he may serve as more than just an engineer, and can be a candidate to head Google Robotics. The division has been without any serious leadership since the departure of former head Andy Rubin last year. Alphabet CEO Larry Page recently searched for viable candidates to fill in this vacant position. However, attempts to woo Autodesk CEO Carl Bass to manage Googles tangled group of moonshot robotics projects proved unsuccessful.
One of the reasons the appointment fell through may have been over the amount of control Mr.Bass would be allowed to exercise on the robotics division. Perhaps Mr. Rose now fits the bill for this position. He is not a former CEO, and is less likely to demand greater freedom, instead preferring to work through collaboration with the top management.
Mr. Rose also served as the director of flight software at Space X. He may contribute to the flight programming and maneuvering of "WiFi beaming clouds" under Alphabets Project Loon in Indonesia. However, at this point its mere speculation, as there has been no official statement or confirmation by the company on its latest appointment.                        







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a very innovative firm, even though many of its critics would claim otherwise. The firm has been the first to come up with many new features, and this is despite the fact it does not believe in spending too much on R&D.

Low on R&D, big on innovation
Apple does have few weak areas such as Apple Music that did not perform as well as expected, but if we talk of certain features such as implementing 64-bit chip in phones, making use of touch-based tech for creating new ways of interacting such as 3D Touch, and use of biometrics, then Apple is ahead of its rivals.
Despite all this, Apples spending on R&D is less than that of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) and many other major players in the tech world. Apple does not believe in spending all that much money on R&D, though the number has risen in recent years, says a report from Bloomberg Businessweek.
Google, Qualcomm and Facebook spend 15 percent, 22 percent and 21 percent of their revenue on R&D respectively, whereas Apple spends just 3.5%. Currently, Apples spending on R&D is $8.1bn a year. In nominal terms it is still higher than all the above mentioned firms except Google.






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});




To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

There is a fierce competition among the third-party component suppliers to win Tim Cooks business every year, and thus, they offer the firm their cutting-edge hardware innovations. This is a major reason Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is not spending 15% or higher of its revenue on R&D. Put simply, Apples component suppliers to win its Apples lucrative business, do a lot of work on its behalf.
Apple leads Android in online shopping presence
Separately, Apples innovation is helping it to dominate the online shopping presence. The majority of the users used Apple hardware, (majorly iPhone and iPad) for browsing and purchasing during the busiest shopping period of the year
A new Adobe data claims nearly 75% of online sales on mobile devices were made through Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) devices. Last year, sales from mobile devices accounted for 27% of online revenue, and this year it went up to 33.2%. The ratio of purchases made through iOS devices and those through Android devices was three-to-one.
Adobes finding support a report from Custoras E-Commerce Pulse, which claims that iOS accounted for 78.83% of the US mobile shopping over Thanksgiving.

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125336, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});

			
			
						
		
	
	

		

			
			
			
			
			
			
				
			

		

							
				
									
			
		
		

					Popular Posts:
			Position Smartly for Microsoft Stock Breakout (MSFT)Fitbit: Look Lower and Go Vertical to Buy Fitbit StockNvidia Corporation: Buy NVDA Stock With Even More Bang for Your Buck		

							Recent Posts:

			

									Nvidia Corporation: Buy NVDA Stock With Even More Bang for Your Buck
									Fitbit: Look Lower and Go Vertical to Buy Fitbit Stock
									Position Smartly for Microsoft Stock Breakout (MSFT)
				
				
					
						View All Posts
					
				

			
		
        		
						
				googletag.display( 'div-gpt-ad-246051528382214685-17' );
			
					
				
					

	

		Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) has been an outstanding outperformer for bulls in this final quarter of 2015. And with strong support behind shares, Nvidia stock appears to have even more opportunity ahead.
Earnings back on Nov. 5 were a crowd-pleaser for NVDA bulls, and rightfully so. The multi-faceted graphics chip platform designer blew past Street top- and bottom-line views, and upped guidance with results supported by strong results from its GTX gaming platform, high-performance computing, cloud and automotive platforms.
Investors acknowledged the report with an enthusiastic jump of nearly 14% the following session, while broker MKM Partners upped NVDA shares to a buy, stating Nvidia was expensive but worth it.
A few weeks later, the price of NVDA stock appears worth it even more.
Nvidia Stock Weekly Chart

Click to Enlarge The weekly view of NVDA gives a solid view of its strength and relative outperformance this quarter. Whats more, Nvidia stock gave astute technicians a heads up or two of a pending bullish shift toward a position of technical leadership.
3 Covered Calls for a Rich, Happy New Year
Back in late August during the markets mini-flash crash, NVDA stock moved lower but failed to hit fresh lows for 2015 and/or display even more severe weakness such as a test of its October 2014 low. That of course, can be appreciated as a good first sign of pending strength.
Additionally, as the market and many stocks rallied initially off the August low, most went on to establish fairly deep pullbacks by the tail-end of September. NVDA did not and in fact was rallying to fresh highs for 2015.
If traders missed NVDAs first and more subtle sign of strength, the second was certain confirmation of NVDA stock fast becoming a favorite of bullish investors and one to put on the radar for continued technical leadership as the market regained its own footing.
Now with shares of NVDA having added to its initial promise of higher prices, a fresh bullish pattern has developed. A breakout of a tight and flat three-week consolidation is signaling another leg higher for Nvidia stock.
Nvidia Bull Call Vertical Strategy

Click to Enlarge A check of the NVDAs volatility levels shows premiums to buy a long call for bullish positioning are about as affordable and well-priced for such an opportunity as they have been in all of 2015, but a vertical spread which cuts down still relevant time decay and volatility risks, is viewed as a stronger alternative.
Reviewing the NVDA stock options board and shares trading up by about 2% at $32.35 in early trade on Tuesday, the Jan $33/$35 bull call spread for up to 65 cents is viewed favorably.
The spread breakeven of $33.65 compares to an outright January $33 call breakeven of $34.05 and reduction of 38% in the overall premium paid per contract.
As a trader always looking to minimize risk and maximize profits, the more favorable pricing is an extension of reducing time decay and volatility risks and an attractive feature of a vertical spread.
On the downside, a vertical like this wont show nearly as robust, quick gains as might be possible with an outright long call position. But with the opportunity to realize a return in excess of 205% in several weeks time; this vertical is inexpensive and worth it as an effective way to position strategically in Nvidia stock.
Investment accounts under Christopher Tylers management do not currently own positions in any of the securities or their derivatives mentioned in this article. The information offered is based upon Christopher Tylers observations and strictly intended for educational purposes only; the use of which is the responsibility of the individual. For additional market insights and related musings, follow Chris on Twitter @Options_CAT.
More From InvestorPlace
The Only 6 Energy Stocks With A Ratings
3 Stocks That Are Gearing Up for a Holiday Short Squeeze Rally
Apple Stock Needs THIS to Drive Growth (AAPL)

	

	


            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Morning Report
Snapshot
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), of the Technology sector was at a price of 31.72 today, marking a change of 1.05%. NVIDIA Corporation forecasts a earnings per share growth of 51.40% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 10.90% and its debt to equity is currently 0.32. NVIDIA Corporation has a market cap of 17065.36 and its gross margin is 56.00%.
Dividend
NVIDIA Corporation has a dividend yield of 1.45%. Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on NVIDIA Corporations 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 70.25%, a 52 week high of -0.31%, and a simple moving average of 15.03% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 7924900 with an average volume of 8627.59. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
NVIDIA Corporation has a forward P/E of 23.46 and a P/E of 29.64. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. NVIDIA Corporation has a P/S of 3.51 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for NVIDIA Corporation are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of 15.03%, a 52 week high of -0.31%, and a 52 week low of 70.25%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. NVIDIA Corporation has a gap of 0.10%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        

                    Many people often forget that Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), through its acquisition of Nokia's handset business, is now one of the largest feature phone makers in the world. Over the past year, Microsoft has focused on launching cheap feature phones like the refreshed Nokia 105, which costs just $20. 
However, Microsoft recently shifted from that strategy by launching the Nokia 230, its priciest feature phone to date, for $55. That's just $15 less than its cheapest Lumia and pricier than Android devices like the SWIPE Konnect 3 and Kenxinda K528, which both cost less than $30. So, what does Microsoft hope to gain by launching a high-end feature phone that costs more than low-end smartphones?

The Nokia 230. Source: Microsoft.
"Dumbphones" aren't dead yetFeature phones are still used across large parts of the world because they have lower price tags, require lower monthly data fees, and can last for weeks on a single charge. Smartphones only started outselling feature phones worldwide in 2013. According to research firm eMarketer, only about a fifth of mobile users in India used smartphones last year, compared to two-thirds inAmerica. Pew Research Center estimates that across seven sub-Saharan African nations, 65% of people still use feature phones.
Microsoft highly values these markets, because Apple and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, the two biggest players in smartphones, can't control the feature phone market. IDC claims that Microsoft actually generated more revenue from Nokia's feature phones ($765 million) than from Lumia devices ($754 million) in the third quarter of 2015.
Through the Nokia brand, Microsoft can launch scaled down versions of its apps, like Bing Search and MSN Weather, to tether more users in these markets to its ecosystem. Microsoft hopes that when these feature phone users upgrade to smartphones, they'll consider buying Windows 10 Mobile devices instead of iOS or Android ones, which would tether them to its "One Windows" ecosystem. That could help Microsoft boost its tiny 2.6% share of the global smartphone market.
Microsoft's tiered pricing strategyMicrosoft's feature phones cost between $20 to $55. The Lumia 430, Microsoft's cheapest smartphone, costs $70. However, the $55 Nokia 230 packs a decent punch for a feature phone. It comes with front and rear cameras, and each is supported with an LED flash. The 2-megapixel rear camera is comparable to Lumia 430's camera.

The Lumia 430. Source: Microsoft.
The Internet-enabled phone can download scaled-down apps like Bing Search, MSN Weather, and Opera Mini, and it supports microSD cards up to 32GB. Microsoft also replaced the colorful plastic cases of previous Nokia feature phones with black and white cases with a gray, sand-blasted aluminum back cover for both colors. The device will launch in India, Asia, and the Middle East in December, and go on sale in other markets in 2016.
The $30 to $50 "sweet spot"The Nokia 230 isn't cannibalizing Microsoft's own smartphones, but cheaper Android devices could steal customers away from both the Nokia 230 and the Lumia 430.
Google has been expanding into key markets like India with its "Android One" initiative, which attempts to reduce hardware and software fragmentation by getting OEMs to stick with similar specs and stock Android. However, Google encountered resistance in India because its original price target of $100 was considered too high. That's whyit relaunched several Android One phones with its partners this summer to target a "sweet spot" between $30 and $50. 
Google's plan to drive down smartphone prices to the same price as feature phones could disrupt Microsoft's tiered pricing strategy and squeeze out pricier feature phones like the Nokia 230. If that happens, Microsoft must launch even cheaper feature phones and low-end Lumias to compete against Google, which offers users access to a bigger mobile ecosystem of apps and services.
Microsoft's murky mobile futureMicrosoft's mobile strategy of using Nokia-branded feature phones to capture first-time smartphone buyers sounds smart. But in reality, cheap smartphones are replacing feature phones too quickly for Microsoft's plan to pay off. Microsoft will also lose the right to use Nokia's brand for mobile phones at the end of 2016, which means that its current strategy isn't a sustainable long-term one.
Falling smartphone prices and data fees will likely render feature phones obsolete in the near future. As a result, Microsoft could be at a disadvantage again when customers in developing and emerging markets buy low-end Android devices instead of Windows 10 Mobile ones.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
    
        Microsoft has laid off 60 people in Israel working on the HoloLens project. A spokesperson confirmed on Tuesday that 30 contractors and 30 full-time staff will no longer be working on the virtual reality system.
"We continually evaluate our business needs and recently made decisions affecting some positions in one of our groups in Israel," a Microsoft spokesperson told International Business Times."As needed, we increase investments in some areas and de-invest in others which results in the movement of jobs across the organization, and at times, job eliminations. Our priority is to work with and support employees affected by this decision."
The layoffs were first reported by TechCrunch.
However, Microsoft is continuing to build out its HoloLens team in Seattle. The company has posted a job listing for a creative director on LinkedIn, who would be at the forefront of delivering "consumer products" and "new experiences" with the HoloLens team.The listing provides a glimpse into the plans Microsoft may have for the HoloLens' future direction, which the company hinted at during its October presentation.
The team in Israel focused around a $35 million acquisition of a startup back in 2009 that focused on motion sensing and capturing. Although initially speculated as relating to the Kinect project, Microsoft publicly disputed this idea, and it later emerged that the acquisition was related to HoloLens instead.
The HoloLens development kit is expected to ship in the first quarter of 2016 and represents an important element of the company's overall Windows 10 strategy. The system will run Windows 10, building on new holographic APIs that allow developers to get their Windows 10 apps running in the augmented reality world Microsoft is developing. HoloLens demonstrates the versatility of Windows 10, and pushes the platform in an innovative new direction.
Although initial demonstrations focused on the HoloLens' use in industry, Microsoft took to the stage at its Surface Book event and showed the headset's gameplay capabilities. "Project X-Ray" demonstrated a man fighting virtual robots that infiltrated his living room, utilizing the system's augmented reality features to bring the enemies to life.
      
      
  







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has woken up from its slumber and now, the firm is challenging other tech firms in the race for . The latest challenge that Microsoft launched takes the form of its digital assistant, Cortana. Cortana is setting the innovation pace for other PAs such as Siri from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Now from Alphabet Inc.(NASDAQ:GOOG) It is faster, more personal, and it can make contextual references. Microsoft has now launched the beta testing of Cortana for iOS.

While you are trying to test out Cortana on your iPhone and iPad, it might interest you to know that Microsoft has also raised the bar on tech innovation with headsets that help the blind to see. The smart headsets are the first of its kind in helping the visually impaired find their way about the world around them. Microsofts foray into the smart headset space serves two important functions for the firm.
Cortana for iOS + Smart Headsets + Skype for Business = Innovation
When Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled Cortana on Windows 10, it was obvious that she was the best in-class digital assistant around. The firm surprised the world when it revealed that it would make Cortana cross-platform for Android and iOS. The Android Version has been out for about three months. Now Cortana is ready to displace Siri.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Surface Book Can't be Fixed, Phone Incoming
To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



Siri from Apple has had its reign, but its days might be numbered now that Cortana is almost ready for iOS. To start with, Cortana can do everything that Google Now and Siri can do, and then some more. Michael Crider of Digital Trend says, it manages your schedule, reminders, and alarms. She can also track flights, packages, stocks, scores, and more, the goal being for all of this to work in unison so that you get contextual information based on where you are and what the app thinks youre doing there.
Microsoft also revealed an upgrade to one of its old-time products today as it unveiled Skype for business. Skype for business is packaged with Office 365 and it allows firms to hold virtual meetings with as much as 10,000 people on practically all devices. Skype runs on mobile on Windows, iOS, Android, and BB10. More so, users can access Skype for business with single-touch option on smartphone, tablets, desktops, and laptops.
Microsoft sits at the front row of innovation
Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) now sits on the front row of innovation in the tech space. The firm is on top of its game both in the hardware and software sides of its business. In the software side, Windows 10 OS is still getting rave reviews and Cortana is setting the pace. In the hardware side of its business, the Surface Pro and Surface Book are creating new markets; and now, smart headphones might deliver new applications. Shares of Microsoft are up on the positive vibes as the stock boasts 1.13% gains to $54.54 as at 10:46AM EST.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Finds A New Safe Harbor In Germany

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125332, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});

    Microsoft shares rallied on Monday after a key upgrade from analysts at Raymond James. The stock continued to climb during morning trading today, rising by as much as 0.92% to $54.85 per share as the firms analysts explained that their bullish stance on the software giant is based on its opportunities in cloud services.
Raymond James upgrade follows another upgrade from Piper Jaffray earlier this month based on the success of Microsofts Xbox division and exclusive games.

Microsoft upgraded to Strong Buy
In a report dated Nov. 30, Raymond James analyst Michael Turits, Ph.D., set a price target of $62 per share for Microsoft with his upgrade to Strong Buy. He noted that just recently, it looked like Microsoft had missed the mobile movement, but now he sees solid opportunities in the next direction technology is moving in, which is the cloud. He thinks the company is one of the only hyperscale hybrid cloud vendors able to integrate Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service, and Software-as-a-Service through its onsite servers and software.
He said the company is several years into the cloud transition, noting that it is expected to make up about 17% of its total revenue in fiscal 2016. As a result, hes predicting a 6% compound annual growth rate between fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2018 in total revenue.
Praise for Microsofts Azure
The Raymond James analyst and his team called Azure one of the hyperscale elite, echoing similar comments made by other firms. Azure is widely seen as a likely path away from the tumbling PC and software market and toward strong growth opportunities. He sees only Amazon Web Services and Google as being among the small group of cloud vendors that might be on the level with Azure and named Oracle for its expertise in Platform-as-a-Service.






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});




@media (max-width: 600px) {
  #admobil {
      display:none;
 }
  #adpost {
      display:inline-block;
      width:290px !important;
      height:235px;
 }
}

@media (min-width: 600px) {
  #admobil {
      display:none;
 }
  #adpost {
      display:inline-block;
      width:336px;
      height:280px;
 }
}



Further, he praised Microsoft CEO Satya Nadellas aggressively open strategy toward offering the companys products on other platforms and believes this move will make Azure dominant in both Platform-as-a-Service and Infrastructure-as-a-Service.
Microsoft benefits from Office 365
Turits also sees opportunities in Microsofts subscription-based Office 365 and noted that the companys suite of productivity software has remained steady despite Googles free offerings in this area. In fact, he said Office 365 seems to be accelerating several years into the transition to cloud and that he likes the pricing and value of the cross-platform strategy, which he believes will maintain loyalty to Microsofts productivity software. He sees continued growth in the commercial value of Office as well.
And finally, on the topic of the risk to Windows and PCs, he thinks that as Microsofts cloud offerings become more valuable, they will more than offset the declines from the weakness in PCs, which has resulted in weakness in Windows monetization. He notes that Windows consumer business is expected to make up only 4% of total revenue in fiscal 2016, while the commercial side is expected to contribute 12% of total revenue the same year. He added that while Windows revenue is expected to decline 5%, non-Windows revenue, which includes the Surface tablets, Bing, and the Xbox, is expected to increase 6%.
He did trim his non-GAAP revenue estimate from $93.3 billion to $91.8 billion and his non-GAAP earnings from $2.74 to $2.62 per share for fiscal 2016, however, to account for currency headwinds and cloud ipacts.
Like this article? Sign up for our free newsletter to get articles delivered to your inbox


        
        
        
                                


        

        
            Tags: Microsoft
            

                           The European Patent Office (EPO) is now giving out legal threats, in response to recent allegations made against it, regarding maintaining a special cooperative relationship with Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). The agency denies such accusations and says that it will not accept its staff being subject to such accusations. EPO is shifting to a more offensive strategy from the defensive one that it previously practiced.
In October, Roy Schestowitz, along with his site Techrights, was the first to claim Microsoft was getting preference in its patent applications by the EPO. He published a leaked EPO internal email from February 16 that lists Microsofts submitted patent documents, and asks examiners to give the applications top priority as soon as possible. The emails author and a senior member at the agency, Grant Philpott, mentioned of a close cooperation project with the software giant in the message.
Regarding the cooperation project and priority mentioned in the email for Microsoft, the EPO defends itself and claims that it did nothing wrong.
An EPO spokesman, Jeremy Philpott  no relation, talked about a pilot program termed as the cooperation project between the agency and large companies like Microsoft, Qualcomm, Philips, Canon, Bayer, BASF, Samsung, Ericsson, Fujitsu, Siemens, and Huawei. This was meant to treat the high number of patent applications from these companies as efficiently as possible.
The pilot was created, as the agency claims, to find a solution to work on Microsofts backlog of 450 patent applications. EPO feared that the company may attempt to break this log-lock by requesting all 450 be dealt through the special and quick PACE review process, which could result in too much time and resources being poured on Microsofts applications immediately. To avoid this, it made a deal with Microsoft to start work immediately on the backlogged patents, provided that the company chooses a small sub-group from the 450 applications.
The internal email by Grant Philpott did refer to the EPOs PACE program for a list of 14 patent applications that had to be given priority. The PACE program is a fast track patent application process available for no extra cost to any patent of any size. EPOs explanation does seem solid and void of loopholes. However, there was no public announcement of this cooperation project or pilot program until the memo was leaked and published by Mr. Schestowitz. Furthermore, the PACE program has been adopted since 2010, which raises the question as to why Microsoft would be opting for this process discreetly as part of a cooperation program that no one else heard about?
Now that the agency has defended its position in the matter, it is aiming to go after the people who started allegations of this nature. Since the issue was sparked by Mr. Schestowitz, other blog posts made numerous accusations about the EPO tossing out patent applications submitted by small European businesses. The patent authority said that these allegations were not only false but detrimental to its reputation as a public servant. They insisted and demanded the post to be pulled down, with which Mr. Schestowitz unwillingly complied.
Speaking to The Register, as this publication shows, the EPO said that while it respects press freedom and often engages in public debates, it will not let its staff face the fire. The agency says that such allegations directly attack its employees course of work and will protect them and their families by any means necessary.
The patent authority did not hesitate to issue legal threats to Mr. Schestowitz and his long-time running website. Some bloggers, who closely follow the patent and intellectual property industry, did not hold back to express their opinion of how they felt about the EPOs action and its legal threats to Mr. Schestowitz.                        







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Alphabet Inc(NASDAQ:GOOG), (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is working hard to ensure that it delivers the total safety package when it unveils its self-driving car. The firm believes that the only realpath to building fully autonomous cars is to start from scratch. In contrast, other firms such as Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) think that upgrading driver-assist systems today would cause them to evolve into full autonomous systems in the future. Alphabets plan seems to be the working well so far.Its fleet of robocars have logged more than 1.2M miles on the road.

Google is always making headlines with its self-driving car project as its robocars reach key milestones. Now, the firm is in the news after it was awarded a patent that would allow its self-driving cars talk to motorists and other road users. Tech Times reports that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has awarded Google a patent for a pedestrian notifications. The use of the patent allow Googles robocar communicate with other road users.
Google cars should start talking soon
Details of the patent award reveals that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) robocars would be able to sense when a person is standing in front or close to the vehicle, the car would then decide on the next course of action. The car would be able to alert the pedestrian if its safe to cross or if it is coming through. The patent info also shows that Google might want to include a screen on the door of the car  the screen would display traffic signs that will let pedestrians know what the car is doing.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Wants to Control AI With Giveaways
To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



The patent says, the vehicle may include sensors which detect an object such as a pedestrian attempting or about to cross the roadway in front of the vehicle The vehicles computer may then determine the correct way to respond to the pedestrian The vehicle may then provide a notification to the pedestrian of what the vehicle is going to do or is currently doing.
This patent builds on an earlier feature that teaches the robocars how to act around kids  who are mostly restless and unpredictable. Earlier this month, Fortune reported that Google was teaching its self-driving cars how to recognize children even when they are wearing Halloween costumes.
Are Googles cars too safe?
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has an uphill task ahead as it wants to replace human drivers with computers. Humans have been driving cars for more than a century and a change to having computers behind the wheels wont happen overnight. The NHTSA is reluctant to write the rules of the road for self-driving cars because it wants to avoid errors in oversight. For instance, an ethical question asks if self-driving cars should be taught to protect their passengers at the expense of other road users.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Won't Just Read Emails, It'll ReplyGoogle is trying hard to ensure that its robocars have the best safety systems to avoid a public outcry and backlash against self-driving cars. In the last couple of years, its cars have logged more than 1.2 million autonomous miles, but theyve only been involved in 26 minor accidents. The Robocars were not at fault in any of those accidents. Google should be able to trigger the change its desires in it auto space if it continues to roll out comprehensive safety features in its robocars.

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125317, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


AlphabetInc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL)are poised well to lead the electric car segment in the future, notes Morgan Stanley analyst, Katy Hubert, in a recent note. The analyst notes that the firms with expertise in cameras, sensors, batteries, and displays for the phones are seeing electric and autonomous car as the next big opportunity, and not the wearable tech.

Apple may not be developing car
Based on the current shift in the industry along with the ability of the firms to combine their future plans with the traditional cars, Hubert sees an opportunity for technology vendors, including AlphabetInc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple, to dominate.
Since, Hubert has not given much detail on the term dominate, so it can be inferred in several ways. The analyst might be taking the entire electric car segment or just the infotainment systems and human-machine interfaces.
Earlier this year, an article from USA Today claimed that Apples secretive Project Titan is not full automobile. Dont expect a full-fledged car, but perhaps a dashboard or some other sort of embedded model, the article read.






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});




To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

There are quite a few evidences that traditional automakers see smartphone integration as an important concept going forward. Presently, they are relying on two players for this technology  Apple Carplay and Googles Android Auto. And if, Huberty is right, then Alphabetand Apple will do a better job in building a car around their phones than the automakers, who are trying to integrate phones into their cars.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Holds Breath As U.S. Court Decides On Class-ActionGoogle continues to innovate
Meanwhile, AlphabetInc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is continuing to push the limits of the autonomous tech. along with driving themselves, Google cars may soon be able to talk to the pedestrians. The firm has recently been given a patent for the pedestrian notifications app to allow its future cars to talk with the strangers.
The tech will allow the car to detect if the person is standing close or in front on the car, and then decide on its move accordingly. The vehicle may include sensors which detect an object such as a pedestrian attempting or about to cross the roadway in front of the vehicle, the patent read.
The patent also talks of the mode of notification such as voice alerts from outside of the car. The voice alerts may be like safe to cross when the car feels it is safe for the pedestrians to cross, or coming through when the car continues on its path and not let pedestrians through.
In pre-market trading today, Alphabetshares were up 0.39% at $775. Year to date, the stock is up over 45% while in the last one-month, it is up almost 4%. Apple shares were up 0.26% premarket. Year to date, the stock is up almost 7% while in the last one-month, it is down over 2%.

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125314, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});

                           Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) shares have gained more than 7% in the last five days, primarily because of increased investor confidence. The chipmaker has awarded shareholders with some motivating reports in its annual analysts day, raising quarterly cash dividends along with its full-year 2016 outlook.
Intel's shares have faced the brunt of investor concerns in the past couple of months, mainly because of its reliance on the weak PC market. However, in a bid to reduce its exposure on the underperforming PC sector, Intel acquired a programmable chipmaker, Altera Corporation. Moreover, the company also revealed its intentions of returning to the memory chipmaking business alongside veteran memory chipmaker Micron Technology, in an attempt to seek new revenue streams.
Additionally, Intel announced plans to splash over $5.5 billion to transform its old factory in China to manufacture its highly anticipated 3D Xpoint Technology. Analysts at Northland Capital weighed in on Intel, reiterating its Outperform rating along with a 12-month price target of $39. The research firm maintained its bullish stance on the stock, highlighting its strong IP portfolio.
Analysts at Northland Capital remain confident over the coming 3D Xpoint technology and believe that the company is taking all the right steps in re-entering the memory chipmaking business. The research firm highlighted the upcoming technology as a technological game changer in the long run. Northland Capital believes that Intels re-entry into the memory business at this time will be positive for the chipmaker as it can further claim sizeable tax incentives by upgrading its older fab into a NAND plant in China. At the other end, the company has recently made its entry into the Kangaroo market with its dual bond offering. Intel shares are up 0.29% trading at $34.56 in the pre-market trading session.                        

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Morning Report
Snapshot
Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU), of the Technology sector was at a price of 15.56 today, marking a change of -0.13%. Micron Technology, Inc. forecasts a earnings per share growth of -2.40% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 14.20% and its debt to equity is currently 0.6. Micron Technology, Inc. has a market cap of 16894.27 and its gross margin is 32.20%.
Dividend
Micron Technology, Inc. has a dividend yield of *TBA. Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on Micron Technology, Inc.s 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 15.26%, a 52 week high of -57.47%, and a simple moving average of -5.29% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 5018500 with an average volume of 25999.58. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
Micron Technology, Inc. has a forward P/E of 6.82 and a P/E of 6.33. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. Micron Technology, Inc. has a P/S of 1.04 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for Micron Technology, Inc. are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of -5.29%, a 52 week high of -57.47%, and a 52 week low of 15.26%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. Micron Technology, Inc. has a gap of -0.19%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        

                    A long time ago, graphics specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) had very large ambitions in the market for mobile processors. The company had invested rather heavily in developing applications processors for both the high-end of the mobile device market as well as in trying to build lower-cost chips that integrated both an applications processor and a cellular baseband.
However, as followers of the company are likely aware, the company has largely withdrawn from trying to compete in the market for mobile applications processors.
These days, the major market NVIDIA is targeting with its Tegra processor business is automotive applications. For example, Tesla Motors' (NASDAQ:TSLA) recently launched Model X car uses an NVIDIA Tegra 3 processor to power its infotainment system.
In this article I'd like to provide an update on how the company's Tegra processor business is doing.
How did it fare last quarter? Over the last nine months? NVIDIA reported that its Tegra processor revenue was $129 million in its most recent quarter, representing a 23% decline from the $168 million that it saw in the year-ago period.
In its form 10-Q filing for the quarter, the company said the decline was driven by a more than 80% plunge in sales of Tegra processors into smartphones and tablets. This, the company noted, was offset by a more than 50% surge in chips sold into the automotive market in addition to "increases in revenue from development services and sales of SHIELD devices."
If we zoom out and look at the performance of this business over the last nine months, sales are down 14% year over year. The drivers of the revenue decline over that period look very similar to what happened in the most recent quarter; sales of chips into tablets and phones dropped by "almost 90%" while automotive-oriented chip sales grew by "over 75%." SHIELD device revenue and revenue from "development services" also grew.
In terms of profitability, the segment lost $65 million last quarter, widening the loss by $12 million from the year-ago period. Over the last nine months, the segment burned through $164 million, with losses actually narrowing slightly from the $169 million seen a year ago.
How close is this business to profitability? NVIDIA doesn't explicitly break out operating expenses and gross profit margins for this business, but I think a gross profit margin percentage estimate of 35% seems reasonable based on the following chart from the company's last financial analyst day:

Source: NVIDIA.
If the business lost $164 million on revenues of $402 million then, working under the assumption of gross margins of around 35%, year-to-dateoperating expenses appear to be approximately $305 million. Assuming quarterly operating expenses don't vary too much within a given year, then this would imply annualized operating expenses of around $406 million.
Under these assumptions (which I caution readers not to place undue reliance on because there is a fair amount of guesswork here), it looks like this segment should hit breakeven at a little under $1.2 billion in revenue. The Tegra processor business would roughly need to double from current levels (assuming current conditions) to just break even if this analysis is correct.
What can NVIDIA do to speed this along? Although the opportunity in in-vehicle infotainment platforms might be large enough to allow NVIDIA to break even/generate profit at the current margin and operating expense run rates, I think the company will need to do two things to speed this along.
The first is cost-cutting. NVIDIA recently wound down its Icera modem operations, which should contribute to lower operating costs here for the whole of fiscal 2017 from fiscal 2016 (the wind-down was scheduled to happen in the second quarter of fiscal 2016).
I suspect there are probably a number of other things NVIDIA can do to try to cut costs here without compromising its fundamental competitiveness in the automotive infotainment market. For example, I don't think NVIDIA needs to continue developing its own custom CPU cores to be viable in this market.
Next, the path to profitability in this business would be much shorter if the company were to see gross profit margin expansion. A few quarters ago, CEO Jen-Hsun Huang said that "the way to increase [NVIDIA's] gross margins is to continue to innovate and increase the amount of value-added that we bring."
He noted that the company's gaming graphics processor business was in the 30% range 10 years ago, but as the company made these platforms "more and more software rich," margins expanded. Huang indicated that he expects the company to do this in the automotive platform business.
If the company is successful in growing gross profit margins here, this would certainly bring down the kind of revenue NVIDIA needs to break even in its Tegra processor business.
Still a ways to go for Tegra There seems to be a lot of investor enthusiasm around Tegra and the opportunity in automotive, but at the end of the day it's still the collective stand-alone GPU business that brings in the profits.
Indeed, the company's large and high-margin gaming GPU business continues to grow nicely, which -- in my book -- makes it the most exciting of the company's various business units.
Tegra is interesting because it's a very fast growing business and I think it's easier to sell a "story" around Tegra, particularly since it's not too hard to associate it with other "hot" topics like self-driving cars. However, until this business starts pulling its own weight financially, I can't help but find the core GPU business more interesting than I do Tegra.
3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable Dies Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click herefor their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think!
                    
                

          
              
      Summary
    
        We're starting to get additional details on performance specifics for Nvidia's upcoming GPU architecture.
        
        It seems both Nvidia and AMD will launch their next generation GPUs in the early half of 2016.
        
        From what I've seen, both AMD and Nvidia tend to exaggerate performance figures leading up to a major launch.
        
        However, Nvidia claims a far more sizable performance improvement than AMD.
        
        This leads me to believe that Nvidia will have a performance advantage, but perhaps in line with historical trends of a 10% to 30% gaming FPS advantage when compared to AMD.
        
    
  

            


              As many of you have noted, I have become increasingly optimistic on Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) over the past couple weeks. For the most part I view this company through the lens of opportunity and also believe that the stock's valuation will steadily move higher over the next couple years. Very rarely do I encounter compelling growth opportunities within tech, but I believe this company has strategically positioned itself so that it can continue its growth trajectory.That being the case, Nvidia seems to be laying on the momentum as it's rumored that Nvidia's next-generation GPU will be launched over the next four- to five-month timeframe. Personally, I'm waiting with tons of excitement for the upcoming GPU architecture as I'm going to build a beastly gaming machine upon its launch.(click to enlarge)Source: NvidiaThe key takeaway for the upcoming Pascal architecture is the massive improvement to both memory speed and size. This becomes important because current generation GPUs aren't equipped to handle 4K resolutions as they easily exceed the 4GB of allotted memory for mid to high-end enthusiast cards. Furthermore, there aren't that many GPUs that can play 4K with reliable frame rates. It's expected that more game titles will be released using Direct X12 with much higher graphics intensity. This all leads to a major GPU refresh cycle, which will be driven by want as opposed to need. The number of PC gamers has increased quite significantly over the years, and channel checking does indicate that PCs should bottom out in the 2016 timeframe. Given all of these favorable dynamics, the upcoming Pascal architecture will arrive right when Nvidia needs it most.While we don't know much in terms of pricing, we can get a basic idea on the performance improvement when looking at transistor density, memory speed and available memory. The node shrink also implies higher clock speeds so there should be a significant difference in performance when compared to Maxwell architecture.At least according to MyGaming:Making use of TSMC's (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company)16nm FinFET process, and the 3D transistors it allows for as a result, Pascal GPUs allegedly feature as many as 17 billion transistors - for reference sake, that's more than the transistors of the combined transistor count of Nvidia's GeForce GTX Titan X (GM200) and AMD's Radeon R9 Fury X (Fiji XT), 8 billion and 8.9 billion transistors respectively.Assuming Nvidia can double its transistor and increase memory to 16GB of 2nd generation high bandwidth memory, Pascal architecture GPUs should handle 4K a lot better. In that case, consumers will likely move further up the stack so they can leverage 4K in more of their gaming. While, there's not much content support for 4K in movies and television, almost every PC title can run 4K. Therefore, the ability to immediately experience 4K gameplay is the main reason for offering so much memory at the high-end SKUs, as higher resolutions often get bottlenecked due to lack of video memory.While Nvidia's upcoming Pascal will be confronted with competition from its bitter rival AMD (NASDAQ:AMD), there aren't that many details on the performance improvements of AMD's upcoming GPU architecture. However, it seems that AMD could have a bit of a density advantage due to its fab relationship with Globalfoundries as opposed to Nvidia which has opted for TSM's 16nm FF+. The problem though for AMD has been Nvidia's consistent track record with improving its core GPU architecture, which seems to overcompensate in enough ways to allow Nvidia to continue to market a performance advantage at pricing tiers above $300. In a sense, this puts AMD in a tough position with its upcoming high-end SKUs codenamed Greenland because it seems improbable that AMD will create better-performing parts.At AMD's Q3 2015 earnings conference call Lisa Su provides some color on performance for the upcoming Arctic Islands GPU family:We are also focused on delivering our next generation GPUs in 2016 designed to improve performance per watt by 2x compared to our current offerings based on design architectural enhancements as well as advanced FinFET products process technology.For the most part, it seems AMD's promise of 2x performance per watt seems far less exaggerated than Nvidia's claim of improving performance by 10x. Of course, 10x performance is more or less synonymous with a 10x improvement on a per watt basis by virtue of the fact that GPUs can't increase power consumption given heat constraints and form factor issues. That being the case, if Nvidia is able to deliver a 4x performance improvement in real world gaming it will pull ahead of AMD. However, I can't imagine such a huge difference in performance between Nvidia and AMD. It's more likely that it will be reflected in terms of a 10% to 30% performance advantage in terms of gaming benchmarks that use frames per second as the reference measure. That being the case, Nvidia will likely edge out AMD, but not to the extent Nvidia's preliminary performance data suggests. Usually, the PR guys at AMD and Nvidia generate tons of hype leading up to a major GPU refresh. As such, I still believe Nvidia will come ahead in terms of performance, but it will likely be marginal as we've seen in years past.(click to enlarge)Source: AmigobullsBoth AMD and Nvidia have done pretty well in the past two months. Just because the two companies compete with each other, it's not necessarily a zero sum game. The entire gaming PC market is growing at a relatively fast pace, which indicates that the tide is lifting the boats of both companies. While I do view Nvidia as a better long-term growth investment, AMD also presents a compelling deep value case as well.Over the next couple months, I will be eagerly watching for more developments when pertaining to Nvidia's and AMD's upcoming GPU architecture. I view Nvidia as a high-conviction buy and I reiterate my $42.65 price target.
          
              (function(){
                   var disclosureHtmlStr = "<div id=\'article_body_top\' class=\'disclosure_top hidden\'><div id=\'inner_disclosure\'><!--googleoff: index--><strong>Disclosure: <\/strong>I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. <span onclick=\'SA.Modules.Article.Disclosure.expand()\' id=\'more_button\' style=\'cursor:pointer\'><strong>(More...)<\/strong><\/span><span id=\'business_disclosure\' class=\'hidden\'>I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.<\/span><!--googleon: index--><\/div><\/div><div style=\'clear:both\'><\/div>";
                   var articleBodyHtmlStr = document.getElementById("article_body").innerHTML;
                   document.getElementById("article_body").innerHTML = articleBodyHtmlStr + disclosureHtmlStr;
            }());
          
        

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Morning Report
Snapshot
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), of the Technology sector was at a price of 31.39 today, marking a change of 0.84%. NVIDIA Corporation forecasts a earnings per share growth of 51.40% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 10.90% and its debt to equity is currently 0.32. NVIDIA Corporation has a market cap of 16887.82 and its gross margin is 56.00%.
Dividend
NVIDIA Corporation has a dividend yield of 1.47%. Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on NVIDIA Corporations 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 68.48%, a 52 week high of -1.35%, and a simple moving average of 14.51% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 2174900 with an average volume of 8629.13. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
NVIDIA Corporation has a forward P/E of 23.22 and a P/E of 29.34. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. NVIDIA Corporation has a P/S of 3.48 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for NVIDIA Corporation are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of 14.51%, a 52 week high of -1.35%, and a 52 week low of 68.48%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. NVIDIA Corporation has a gap of 0.19%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Afternoon Report
Snapshot
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), of the Technology sector was at a price of 31.67 today, marking a change of 0.89%. NVIDIA Corporation forecasts a earnings per share growth of 51.40% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 10.90% and its debt to equity is currently 0.32. NVIDIA Corporation has a market cap of 16887.82 and its gross margin is 56.00%.
Dividend
NVIDIA Corporation has a dividend yield of 1.47%. Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on NVIDIA Corporations 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 69.99%, a 52 week high of -0.47%, and a simple moving average of 14.85% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 5137066 with an average volume of 8629.13. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
NVIDIA Corporation has a forward P/E of 23.22 and a P/E of 29.34. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. NVIDIA Corporation has a P/S of 3.48 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for NVIDIA Corporation are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of 14.85%, a 52 week high of -0.47%, and a 52 week low of 69.99%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. NVIDIA Corporation has a gap of 0.10%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 

Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        

                    There was a lot to like when Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) announced its fiscal 2016 Q1 earnings on Oct. 22, and based on its 12% share price pop since delivering the good news, investors agreed. Cloud revenue continues to soar, the adoption of Office 365 is skyrocketing, and even long-suffering units like Microsoft's Bing search have turned the corner.
With over 110 million downloads it became available to the masses in late July, it's safe to say Microsoft's latest operating system (OS), Windows 10, has also been a success. And should a recent study from Gartner bear out, the record-breaking adoption of Windows 10 could prove to be a game-changer, boosting results across multiple divisions.
Survey says Gartner says that in just two short years "Windows 10 is poised to become the most widely installed version of Windows ever," with a whopping 50% of enterprises either utilizing the new OS or beginning the process of adopting it by 2017.
Gartner points to Windows 10 being a free upgrade and its compatibility with earlier versions of Microsoft's OS as two reasons it will be an unmitigated success. That, combined with a "pent up demand for tablet and 2-in-1 device rollouts" in the workplace, is expected to drive Windows 10 deployments. In fact, Gartner suggests that the pace of the Windows 10 rollout will help fuel a transition to a "new employee workspace that is more mobile."
It's back Not only did Microsoft's Bing search engine unit report an impressive 29% jump in revenue last quarter, it actually turned a profit -- and ahead of Nadella's schedule, no less. What was the impetus for the Bing turnaround? Windows 10, and that's with a "mere" 110 million downloads. Assuming 50% of enterprises upgrade to the new OS by 2017, Bing's growth to 20.8% share of the U.S. search market could prove to be just the tip of the iceberg.
Of course, with a market share of just shy of 64%, supplanting Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) as the king of search isn't likely any time soon. Thanks in part to its renewed focus on mobile search, Alphabet's 35% year-over-year increase in paid clicks last quarter make it pretty clear who the king of the search hill is. But Microsoft doesn't need to unseat the formerly named Google for Bing to be a success: continuing to eke out gains and profits thanks to Windows 10 will work just fine.
Mobile-first Microsoft, like Alphabet, has heard some grumbling from investors due to seemingly poor mobile results. Thing is, Nadella's mobile-first initiative entails a lot more than selling smartphones, which is why Microsoft's mobile ambitions could get a big boost from the adoption of Windows 10. Gartner's expectations for a more mobile workforce as Windows 10 becomes the preeminent enterprise OS could boost sales of Microsoft's Surface Pro pseudo-tablet line-up.
As businesses become more mobile, it stands to reason many would outfit their employees with devices that match their enterprise OS, half of which will be running Windows 10 in a couple of years according to Gartner. Microsoft's Surface Pro line-up, pre-loaded with enterprise-compatible Windows 10, would seem to be a natural.
Cloud-first Let's not forget where Microsoft butters its bread: the cloud. And commercial Windows 10 adoption should also provide a boost to the company's cloud results. As enterprises shift away from legacy data storage and analytics solutions to cloud-based services, many of the 50% of enterprises utilizing Windows 10 are likely to opt for OS compatible cloud solutions like Microsoft's Azure platform and its associated Software-as-a-Service suite of products.
At an annual run-rate of over $8.2 billion, Microsoft is already at or near the top of the list of cloud providers, and Windows 10 should add fuel to the fire. As more enterprises shift data to the cloud from in-house systems, opting for a solution from the same provider that developed the enterprise's operating system -- aka Microsoft's Windows 10 -- is yet another "natural."
Microsoft became the leading software provider in the world thanks to its OS dominance, and Windows 10 could prove to be just as important as Nadella and team continue the company's emergence as a mobile and cloud leader.

Warren Buffett: This new technology is a "real threat"At the recent Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting, Warren Buffett admittedthis emerging technology is threatening his biggest cash-cow. Buffett's fear can be your gain.Only a fewinvestors are embracing this new market, which experts saywill be worth over $2 trillion. Find out how you can cash in on this technology before the crowd catches on, by jumping onto one company that could get you the biggest piece of the action.Click hereto access a freeinvestor alert on the company we're calling the brains behind the technology.

                    
                

			
			
						
		
	
	

		

			
			
							
					
				
			
			
			
			
				
			

		

							
				
									
			
		
		

					Popular Posts:
			Why Alcoa Inc (AA), Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) and Macys Inc. (M) Are 3 of Todays Best Stocks5 Best Stocks Under $5 This WeekWhy Microsoft Corporation (MSFT), Fitbit Inc (FIT) and Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Are 3 of Todays Best Stocks		

							Recent Posts:

			

									Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT), Fitbit Inc (FIT) and Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Are 3 of Todays Best Stocks
									Why Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR), Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) and Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Are 3 of Todays Best Stocks
									Why Alcoa Inc (AA), Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) and Macys Inc. (M) Are 3 of Todays Best Stocks
				
				
					
						View All Posts
					
				

			
		
        		
						
				googletag.display( 'div-gpt-ad-948428502746427265-17' );
			
					
				
					

	

		U.S. markets ended the month of November on a sour note Monday, as investors digested holiday weekend sales figures and kept a wary eye on Federal Reserve comments to come later on this week.
Retail stocks were mostly lower, with Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) among those showing weakness after reporting its website crashed  albeit because of a high volume of users.
In economic news, the Chicago Purchasing Manager Index reading was 48.7, down sharply from 56.2 in October and now in contraction territory. In addition, the National Association of Realtors reported that pending home sales were up 0.2%, but Wall Street was expecting a 1% increase.
The S&P 500 led the declines with a 0.5% drop, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average and Nasdaqgave back 0.4%. Still, a few stocks pushed back against the weakness. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) andFitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) were the darlings of some analysts comments, while Baker Hughes Incorporated (NYSE:BHI) was enjoying more love from last weeks bullishness.
Heres a closer look at each of these hot stocks from Monday:
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)
MSFT stock was up roughly 2% for most of the day before tapering off after receiving an analyst upgrade and announcing some new features from its Office 365 service.
5 Big Pharma Stocks to Buy (And 2 Busts to Avoid!)
Raymond James analysts upgraded Microsoft shares from market perform to strong buy, with a $72 price target on MSFT stock. That would be a roughly 30% jump from current prices above $54.
With a price tag of $35 a month, Microsofts business edition of Office 365 will now offer unlimited conferencing, Skype for Business and other features. It was four years ago that MSFT bought Skype for $8.5 billion.
Fitbit Inc (FIT)
FIT was another winner today after reports that sales on wearable fitness trackers was brisk over the holiday weekend. Target said the Fitbit Charge HR was one of its best-selling gift items. Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE:BBY) said sales of the FIT wearables were about two times what they werea year ago.
Adding to the bullish tone were a couple of analysts notes. For one, Credit Suisse says Fitbit has 116% upside. Meanwhile, Barclays analyst Matthew McClintock, who upgraded FIT stock from equal weight to overweight, adding that there was no justification for FIT stocks recent decline.
FIT stock rose 3% on the day.
Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI)
Although there was no fresh news on BHI stock today, the oil rigger was up more than 2% as a carry-over trade from just before the holiday weekend. On Wednesday of last week, Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) announced it will do whatever is necessary for antitrust authorities to approve its $34.6 billion acquisition of Baker Hughes, including the disposal of $7.5 billion worth of additional assets that regulators will require.
Hedge fund ValueAct Capital Partners, L.P. penned a letter to clients saying that after discussions with both HAL and BHI, it feels certain that the deal is still on track and will close on time.
BHI stock, which has been languishing lately, closed above its 50-day moving average again today for the first time in a month.
As of this writing, Ethan Roberts did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
More From InvestorPlace
Fitbit Stock Has Massive 116% Upside (FIT)
5 Reasons Why Amazon Stock Is a Buy  Even at All-Time Highs
3 Restaurant Stocks to Buy for 2016

	

	








(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Microsoft Corporation(NASDAQ:MSFT) stock was rising on Monday morning after the firm secured a significant upgrade from research house Raymond James. Analyst Michael Turits put a price target of $62 on the firms stock and said that its cloud business has a massive opportunity to scale in the coming months and years. The firm raisedits rating from Market Perform to Strong Buy.

Mr. Turits called Azure, the firms cloud business, oneof the hyperscale elite products that was out there today. In his view Microsoft is one of the few tech companies with the scale and product scope to become a truly hybrid vendor. He said the firm will match its services, infrastructure, platform and software to create a truly compelling product range.
Microsoft gets a ramp from the cloud
The analysts that authored the report said we view Azure as among the select few hyperscale and therefore low-cost competitors to Amazon Web Services and Google.  Amazon.com, Inc.(NASDAQ:AMZN) is currently the leader in the cloud business, but theres going to plenty of that business to go around in the coming years according to Raymond James.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.







(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



AlphabetInc has yet to jump into the cloud world in earnest, but the firm is ramping up its efforts. Microsoft doesnt seem too worried about the third-place firm. In a recent interview Redmonds cloud boss Mark RussinovichsaidTo be honest, when customers come in, they talk about us and Amazon. He added thatWe dont hear Google show up in the conversations.
 .IRPP_minimalist { padding:0px; margin: 0; padding-top:1em!important; padding-bottom:1em!important; width:100%; display: block; font-weight:bold; background-color:#eaeaea; border:0!important; border-left:4px solid #34495E!important; box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -moz-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -o-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); -webkit-box-shadow: 0 1px 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.17); text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist:active, .IRPP_minimalist:hover { opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; text-decoration:none; } .IRPP_minimalist { transition: background-color 250ms; webkit-transition: background-color 250ms; opacity: 1; transition: opacity 250ms; webkit-transition: opacity 250ms; } .IRPP_minimalist .ctaText { font-weight:bold; color:inherit; text-decoration:none; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist .postTitle { color:#000000; text-decoration: underline!important; font-size: 16px; } .IRPP_minimalist:hover .postTitle { text-decoration: underline!important; } Related Story ...  Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Surface Book Can't be Fixed, Phone IncomingTurits says that in Infrastructure Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)has Azure, in platform the firm has SQL server, Azure application development and BI/Analytics, while on the software as a service side of things the firm is managing steady growth in its Office 365 segment.
Last week Nomura rated Microsoft at Buy after looking at the transition to Office 365. AnalystFrederick Grieb said that All of the Office 365 migration scenarios result in increased revenues and gross profit dollars to Microsoft.
Microsoft weaknesses remain small
The firms weaknesses, according to Raymond James, are small. While Windows remains vulnerable to PC trends absent mobile traction, Turits wrote, we estimate the most exposed portion, consumer Windows, at less than 5% of revenue this year.
Windows is one of the big weaknesses that those on Wall Street no fond of Redmond tend to point to. Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs says Windows 10 is likely to get in the way of growth at the firm. WalterPritchard of Citibank agrees with that premise. Almost all of Wall Street sees the cloud and service business as the way forward for Microsoft.
Shares in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) opened on Monday morning at $54.54, which means the Raymond James price target is looking at a 13 percent upside in the next twelve months on the back of growth in the firms cloud business. That will be a welcome reward for the firms shareholders. Microsoft has been doing well in 2015 and has gained more than 13 percent in the last twelve months of trading.

jQuery.ajax({url: "http://learnbonds.com/", data: {top_ten_id: 125323, top_ten_blog_id: 1, activate_counter: 11, top10_rnd: (new Date()).getTime() + "-" + Math.floor(Math.random()*100000)}});

            
                
                    

                        Microsoft Corporation has come up with a technological update in alliance with the British charity Guide Dogs for visually impaired people. It comes up with a headphone and an app that allows them to navigate through their surroundings.
The update features two new experiences that enable users to get extra knowledge about their surrounding, either by issuing voice commands or by giving instructions via a remote. Also, the app aids wearers in navigation through sound prompts and directional audio to help create a mental picture of their environment.
Microsoft released its first prototype last year that featured clicking sounds to navigate users. According to Microsoft, the new technology has been redesigned and will have more utility for users.
Microsoft added that the new update provides more independence and confidence to its users by assistance with guide dogs. The physical remote along with the headset permits users with a guide dog or a cane to keep their hands free. The remote consists of three buttons, each associated with specific functions such as navigating a user, repeating a command, or providing knowledge about surroundings.
The latest feature addition to this software is termed as 3D audio by Microsoft, as it creates a mind map about one's surroundings on the basis of sound that a user hears. Microsoft further said that the software guides a user through sound and works as a demonstrator that paints the surrounding picture in the same way as "a light guides the lighthouse." It works by spatially locating the synthetic sounds around a user, thus, creating a 3D soundscape.
The new update also contains Look Ahead and Orientate feature that helps users learn about their surroundings. In addition, it provides information based on distance. Also, the improvement in audio navigation ensures that a user is on the right direction.
The technology was tested around town with people who had blindfolds on. The evaluation test has been a success for users, as they found it extremely supportive for the visually impaired people.
Furthermore, Microsoft also developed CityScribe, an integrated application that allows people to tag hindrances (hurdles that people face daily) in their city, which most of the mapping sites fail to pick. These include low jutting corners, park benches, street furniture, or bins. Microsofts drive to help visually impaired people navigate safely on a daily basis has received a boost with the update and its results.                    

                    
                        
                            
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
        

                    When Ruth Porat was hired earlier this year as CFO by the company then known as Google and now known as Alphabet, a primary objective was to help the search giant "invest in a thoughtful, disciplined way in our next generation of big bets." Those "big bets," or "moonshots" as they're sometimes referred to, include new gadgets and solutions developed in the secretive Google X labs and its life sciences unit, to name a couple. Now, Porat is prepared to address Alphabet's rampant spending, but will it be enough?
To the dismay of many investors and industry pundits, Alphabet's Google X and other cutting-edge pursuits have for too long been associated with a lot of overhead, and very little to show in return. The self-driving cars, Google Glass, and nano-technology designed for use in the healthcare industry are "neat," but some fear the efforts detract from what Alphabet does best: generate nearly $17 billion in advertising revenue, as it did in Q3.
What's the big deal? Part of the problem with Alphabet's continued pushing of the innovation envelope is that it is nearly impossible to determine just how much of its $6.93 billion in operating expenses last quarter went to fund its moonshots, compared to how much was spent to grow revenue. Investors aren't enamored with uncertainty, but they have been forced to live it when dealing with Alphabet and its "big bets." But that's about to change.
Pay to playIn addition to monitoring spending for Alphabet's far-flung efforts, Porat has already made strides in managing expenses, but she recognizes that clarity is needed. As Porat said in an October conference call, "after a period of big expense buildup, there was an appreciation that we needed to manage the cadence of spend." That seems to be CFO-speak for opening Alphabet's books so investors can see what it's spending for those Project Loon balloons, delivery drones, and other wild notions.
As Alphabet continues its transformation into a tech conglomerate, it will now reportedly require its moonshot divisions to pay for the services the units utilize, including marketing and computing support. Paying for corporate services, and reporting those expenses once the new financial structure is unveiled next year, could be viewed as a means of reining in costs and appeasing investors by sharing expense particulars.
Developing distinct financial statements for Alphabet's various enterprises would also position the units to be spun off. And operating as distinct businesses with an end goal of becoming independent entities is more than just idle talk. "We are very much thinking [Google divisions] will continue to grow and beindependententities," Porat said during Alphabet's Q3 conference call last month.
Alphabet is not alone Alphabet is hardly the only digital advertiser pushing the innovation envelope. It was just a few months ago that Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) took the wraps off its own mini-moonshot when it unveiled its first solar-powered drone. The objective is to further CEO Mark Zuckerberg's Internet.org initiative to bring connectivity to the world's under-served masses.
In addition to its odd-looking Loon balloons, Alphabet has its own drones to accomplish much the same things as Facebook. Connecting the world to the Internet serves a couple of purposes for both digital advertising behemoths. One, it's a philanthropic effort that will quite likely change the Internet-using landscape for the better. Two, both Facebook and Alphabet will benefit as more users come online. More users translate to more opportunities to do what each does best: sell digital advertising to their marketing partners.
But contact lenses with a minibuilt-in camera, a teleportation device, or hoverboards? What are the chances that the investment of time, manpower, and money that Alphabet has sunk into all of those off-the-wall endeavors actually realizes any revenue, let alone profits? Unfortunately, despite the decision to share the expenses of its divisions, investors shouldn't expect spending on its moonshot projects to slow anytime soon.
Appeasing investors by shedding some light on overhead is a good first step. However, it's telling that CEO Larry Page also has another plan in mind: increase spending in areas including healthcare and transportation solutions. When it's said and done, Alphabet's decision to charge its divisions for its services and subsequently share those costs sounds good, but the rampant spending on moonshots will continue. The only difference is that soon, investors will know how much.

This $19 trillion industry could destroy the InternetOne bleeding-edge technology is about to put the World Wide Web to bed. It could make early investors wildly rich. Experts are calling it the single largest business opportunity in the history of capitalism...The Economist is calling it "transformative"...but you'll probably just call it "how I made my millions." Don't be too late to the party -- click here for one stock to own when the Web goes dark.

                    
                

			
			
						
		
	
	

		

			
			
			
			
			
			
				
			

		

				
		

					Popular Posts:
			Tesla Motors Inc  Pump the Brakes on the Tesla Stock Breakout (TSLA)Valeant: Playing the Trading Range In VRX StockChevron Corporation (CVX) Stock Might Be Running Toward a Cliff		

							Recent Posts:

			

									Alphabet Inc  Has the Google Stock Rally Finally Stalled? (GOOGL)
									Chevron Corporation (CVX) Stock Might Be Running Toward a Cliff
									Tesla Motors Inc  Pump the Brakes on the Tesla Stock Breakout (TSLA)
				
				
					
						View All Posts
					
				

			
		
        		
						
				googletag.display( 'div-gpt-ad-246051528382214685-17' );
			
					
				
					

	

		After a stunning 27% rally off of the Sept. 29 low, AlphabetInc.(GOOG,GOOGL) is starting to look toppy. The price action Wednesday points to a short-term top in Google stock, with shares of GOOGL making a new all-time high of $793.05, before reversing to close lower on the day at $777.85. The pattern on Thursday was similar, with Google stock price trading higher initially only to fail and close in the red.

Click to EnlargeThis type of price action in GOOGL signalsa technical trend reversal, with buyers finally being daunted and the sellers able to take control and push the stock lower.
In candlestick jargon, the trend reversal pattern is called a shooting star, and could mark a resistance level in the Google stock price.
GOOGL is now the second biggest U.S. company by market cap, trailing only Apple (AAPL), so the ability to maintain the current growth rate will be difficult simply because of the law of large numbers.
6 High-Yielding Dividend Stocks You Want NOTHING to Do With!
With Google stock sporting a trailing twelve month price-earnings ratio of 32.38, it is certainly not a cheap stock, trading at a hefty premium to the S&P 500 multiple of 19.
Implied volatility has cratered over the past two weeks in Google stock, trading near the lowest levels of the year. This low level of complacency in option prices many times is indicative of a intermediate-term top in GOOGL.

Click to EnlargeShorting GOOGL is a risky proposition, and certainly expensive from a margin standpoint. Instead, I would employ some defined risk option strategies to position for a pullback in GOOGL at a much lower level of capital commitment and risk.
GOOGL Stock Trade Ideas
With IV, and therefore option prices, at comparatively cheap levels, I favor long option strategies. My trade structure is a put diagonal spread, buying the GOOGL Jan $740 puts and selling the GOOGL Dec $720 puts for a $10 net debit. The risk on the trade is the $10 net debit, with the initial position being net short 14 deltas.
Ideally, GOOGL stock closes near $720 at December expiration to realize the maximum gain. If GOOGL stock closes above this level at expiration, additional shorter-term puts can be sold against the long Jan $740 puts to further hedge and reduce the initial cost, while still maintaining a bearish stance.
As of this writing, Tim Biggam did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Anyone interested in finding out more about option-based strategies or for a free trial of the Delta Desk Research Reportcan email Tim at tbiggam@deltaderivatives.com.
More From InvestorPlace
Facebook Inc.: How FB Stock Keeps the Growth Coming
Intel Corporation (INTC) Will Keep the Bulls in the Money
Double-Top Thwarts Charge to New Highs

	

	


                    Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Chromecast is the best-selling media-streaming device in the world, according to research firm Strategy Analytics. The firm estimates that Google's device claimed 35% of the market during the third quarter, followed by 20% for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV and 16% for both Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV and Roku's devices. 

Google's new Chromecasts. Source: Google.
The 9.2 million streaming devices shipped in the quarter accounted for 17% of all shipments of "connected TV" devices, which also include smart TVs, Blu-ray players, and game consoles. Strategy Analytics estimates that total shipments of connected TV devices will grow 17% annually to 221 million units for the full year. What does Google's lead in this growing market mean for rivals like Apple and Amazon?
Google's streaming strategyGoogle is approaching the connected TV market with two platforms: Android TV and Chromecast. With Android TV, Google relies on OEMs to manufacture Android-powered smart TVs and set-boxes that download apps and media content from Google Play. This platform replaces Google TV, a similar effort that flopped due to delayed Android integration and resistance from content providers. Android TV products, which are comparable to Apple TV and Fire TV, are notably pricier and less popular than Chromecast.
With Chromecast, Google "casts," or mirrors, mobile apps, media, or Chrome content to a $35 dongle connected to the TV. This strategy targets customers who simply want to mirror content from their mobile devices at the lowest possible price. Certain iOS and Android games can also be mirrored onto the TV, allowing the smartphone to be used as a Wii-like controller. 
Chromecast's direct competitors include Amazon's Fire TV Stick and Roku's Streaming Stick, which both cost a little more. In late September, Google launched two new puck-shaped Chromecasts -- one for video and apps, and another for audio streaming. 
Why the Chromecast is popularThe popularity of Chromecast indicates that customers like simple streaming solutions that use their smartphones or tablets as central hubs. Bigger set-top boxes cost more because they are equipped with more powerful hardware, which isn't necessary for mirroring-only solutions.
For casual gamers, playing a downloaded game on a $149 Apple TV or $100 Fire TV might not be all that different from playing an iOS or Android game being mirrored to the Chromecast. The new Chromecast also offers more flexible gaming options. For example, a player with an Android device can play a multiplayer game with an iPhone owner if both players cast their displays to the Chromecast. 

The new Apple TV. Source: Apple.
The Chromecast isn't a major source of revenue for Google. Based on Strategy Analytics' third-quarter estimates, Google probably sold 1.8 million Chromecasts at $35 each, which equals $63 million in revenue (0.3% of its third-quarter revenues). Instead, it's an ecosystem play. By keeping an eye on the apps and media content that users stream to the Chromecast, Google gains more information to craft targeted ads, which strengthens its core advertising business.
Don't count Apple and Amazon out yetBut before Alphabet investors declare victory in the streaming device wars, they should note that things could change during the fourth quarter. Apple's aggressive marketing of the new Apple TV could boost holiday sales against the Chromecast. Amazon's decision to stop selling Apple TV and Chromecast devices could also hurt Chromecast sales, since the Chromecast was one of its top-selling consumer electronics devices.
Apple and Amazon also have different reasons for selling streaming devices. For Apple, the Apple TV could generate more digital revenues through media and app purchases, and serveas a base for Apple Music and its long-rumored streaming TV service. These digital revenues could diversify Apple's business away from iPhones, which generated over 60% of its revenue last quarter. 
Amazon is using its set-top boxes to keep users dependent on its Prime ecosystem. Without a Prime membership, Fire TV users can't access Amazon's library of TV shows, films, and music. But once customers pay $99 per year for the service, studies show that they buy more digital and physical products. Earlier this year, research firm CIRP claimed thatthe average Prime member spends $1,200 annually on the site, compared to $700 for nonmembers.

The new Fire TV. Source: Amazon.
Upcoming battlesGoogle has a good lead in the streaming market, but I'm not certain that it will last as full-featured streaming devices become smaller and cheaper. I also think that Apple's brand power and Amazon's massive ecosystem could curb Google's early growth. Either way, connected TVs will become a key battleground for these tech giants over the next few years.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.


        






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) shares are expected to touch $36.69 in the short term. This short term price target has been shared by 26 analysts. However, the standard deviation of short term price estimate has been valued at 3.37. The target price could hit $45 on the higher end and $31 on the lower end.
Several analysts have commented on the company rating. In a research note released to the investors, JMP Securities upgrades its rating on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC).The analysts at the brokerage house have a current rating of Market Outperform on the shares. Earlier, the shares were rated a Market Perform by the brokerage firm.  The rating by the firm was issued on November 20, 2015.
The company shares have dropped 7.02% in the past 52 Weeks. On December 5, 2014 The shares registered one year high of $37.9 and one year low was seen on August 24, 2015 at $24.87. The 50-day moving average is $33.82 and the 200 day moving average is recorded at $31.1. S&P 500 has rallied 0.37% during the last 52-weeks. 






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



Analysts at Zacks have given a short term rating of buy on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) with a rank of 2. The shares have received an average rating of 1.91 from 31 brokerage firms. 18 analysts have rated the company as a strong buy. The shares have been rated as hold from 8 Wall Street Analysts. 2 analysts have suggested buying the shares.2 analyst has also rated it as a strong sell. A sell call was given by 1 analyst.
Intel Corporation has lost 1.19% in the last five trading days and dropped 0.09% in the last 4 weeks. Intel Corporation is up 17.88% in the last 3-month period. Year-to-Date the stock performance stands at -3.38%.
On a different note, The Company has disclosed insider buying and selling activities to the Securities Exchange,The director officer (CEO) of Intel Corp, Krzanich Brian M sold 35,000 shares at $34.03 on November 2, 2015. The Insider selling transaction had a total value worth of $1,191,050. The Insider information was disclosed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in a Form 4 filing.
Intel Corporation, incorporated in 1968, designs and manufactures integrated digital technology platforms. A platform consists of a microprocessor and chipset. The Company sells these platforms primarily to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), and industrial and communications equipment manufacturers in the computing and communications industries. The Companys platforms are used in a range of applications, such as personal computers (PCs) (including Ultrabook systems), data centers, tablets, smartphones, automobiles, automated factory systems and medical devices. The Company also develops and sells software and services primarily focused on security and technology integration. In February 2014, M/A-COM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc announced that its subsidiary Mindspeed Technologies Inc completed the sale of assets of its wireless infrastructure business unit to Intel Corporation.





        
                        
            
                                            

            SHARE
            
	            Facebook
	            Twitter
	            
	            
            tweet !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "4cdf9489-8c32-4260-a660-781055398c6d",
            d:  "bmV3c3dhdGNoaW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC5jb20=",
            wid: "54282",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content.ad/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad54282").appendChild(s);
    })(document);

            Previous articleSouthern Company (The) Price Target Update            Tom HausleFor any feedback, suggestions and tips, contact author at [emailprotected]
/* <![CDATA[ */!function(){try{var t="currentScript"in document?document.currentScript:function(){for(var t=document.getElementsByTagName("script"),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute("data-cfhash"))return t[e]}();if(t&&t.previousSibling){var e,r,n,i,c=t.previousSibling,a=c.getAttribute("data-cfemail");if(a){for(e="",r=parseInt(a.substr(0,2),16),n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)i=parseInt(a.substr(n,2),16)^r,e+=String.fromCharCode(i);e=document.createTextNode(e),c.parentNode.replaceChild(e,c)}t.parentNode.removeChild(t);}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */	                

    

                    Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Chromecast is the best-selling media-streaming device in the world, according to research firm Strategy Analytics. The firm estimates that Google's device claimed 35% of the market during the third quarter, followed by 20% for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV and 16% for both Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV and Roku's devices. 

Google's new Chromecasts. Source: Google.
The 9.2 million streaming devices shipped in the quarter accounted for 17% of all shipments of "connected TV" devices, which also include smart TVs, Blu-ray players, and game consoles. Strategy Analytics estimates that total shipments of connected TV devices will grow 17% annually to 221 million units for the full year. What does Google's lead in this growing market mean for rivals like Apple and Amazon?
Google's streaming strategyGoogle is approaching the connected TV market with two platforms: Android TV and Chromecast. With Android TV, Google relies on OEMs to manufacture Android-powered smart TVs and set-boxes that download apps and media content from Google Play. This platform replaces Google TV, a similar effort that flopped due to delayed Android integration and resistance from content providers. Android TV products, which are comparable to Apple TV and Fire TV, are notably pricier and less popular than Chromecast.
With Chromecast, Google "casts," or mirrors, mobile apps, media, or Chrome content to a $35 dongle connected to the TV. This strategy targets customers who simply want to mirror content from their mobile devices at the lowest possible price. Certain iOS and Android games can also be mirrored onto the TV, allowing the smartphone to be used as a Wii-like controller. 
Chromecast's direct competitors include Amazon's Fire TV Stick and Roku's Streaming Stick, which both cost a little more. In late September, Google launched two new puck-shaped Chromecasts -- one for video and apps, and another for audio streaming. 
Why the Chromecast is popularThe popularity of Chromecast indicates that customers like simple streaming solutions that use their smartphones or tablets as central hubs. Bigger set-top boxes cost more because they are equipped with more powerful hardware, which isn't necessary for mirroring-only solutions.
For casual gamers, playing a downloaded game on a $149 Apple TV or $100 Fire TV might not be all that different from playing an iOS or Android game being mirrored to the Chromecast. The new Chromecast also offers more flexible gaming options. For example, a player with an Android device can play a multiplayer game with an iPhone owner if both players cast their displays to the Chromecast. 

The new Apple TV. Source: Apple.
The Chromecast isn't a major source of revenue for Google. Based on Strategy Analytics' third-quarter estimates, Google probably sold 1.8 million Chromecasts at $35 each, which equals $63 million in revenue (0.3% of its third-quarter revenues). Instead, it's an ecosystem play. By keeping an eye on the apps and media content that users stream to the Chromecast, Google gains more information to craft targeted ads, which strengthens its core advertising business.
Don't count Apple and Amazon out yetBut before Alphabet investors declare victory in the streaming device wars, they should note that things could change during the fourth quarter. Apple's aggressive marketing of the new Apple TV could boost holiday sales against the Chromecast. Amazon's decision to stop selling Apple TV and Chromecast devices could also hurt Chromecast sales, since the Chromecast was one of its top-selling consumer electronics devices.
Apple and Amazon also have different reasons for selling streaming devices. For Apple, the Apple TV could generate more digital revenues through media and app purchases, and serveas a base for Apple Music and its long-rumored streaming TV service. These digital revenues could diversify Apple's business away from iPhones, which generated over 60% of its revenue last quarter. 
Amazon is using its set-top boxes to keep users dependent on its Prime ecosystem. Without a Prime membership, Fire TV users can't access Amazon's library of TV shows, films, and music. But once customers pay $99 per year for the service, studies show that they buy more digital and physical products. Earlier this year, research firm CIRP claimed thatthe average Prime member spends $1,200 annually on the site, compared to $700 for nonmembers.

The new Fire TV. Source: Amazon.
Upcoming battlesGoogle has a good lead in the streaming market, but I'm not certain that it will last as full-featured streaming devices become smaller and cheaper. I also think that Apple's brand power and Amazon's massive ecosystem could curb Google's early growth. Either way, connected TVs will become a key battleground for these tech giants over the next few years.
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.

                    
Square just released a new NFC reader. Will it have to develop another one in the near future? Image source: Square.
Over the past week, speculation has intensified that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is preparing to kill the traditional 3.5 millimeter headphone jack in its never-ending quest for the thinnest and lightest iPhone it's ever made. Japanese blog Macotakara is reporting that the iPhone 7 will abandon the headphone jack and instead integrate audio directly into the Lightning connector.
This isn't an entirely new rumor, as Apple introduced specifications to integrate audio signals into Lightning in the summer of 2014 as part of its MFi accessory certification program. Around the same time, there was talk that Apple was making Lightning versions of its own EarPods as well. But the very fact that these rumors have now resurfaced gives that much more credibility to the possibility that Apple is indeed about to axe the jack.
As expected, this move has potentially massive implications for Apple's army of third-party accessory makers that participate in its MFi program. That could also apply to freshly public Square (NYSE:SQ), which famously commandeered the headphone jack for mobile payments.
Time to sign up for MFiSquare's innovative Magstripe Reader has long been its claim to fame, allowing anyone to accept credit card payments through the headphone jack of a smartphone. As such, the company could stand to lose if Apple ditches Square's primary interface method. Note that Square has never participated, nor has it needed to, in Apple's official MFi program. Square built its technology on standard 3.5 mm headphone jacks, where it doesn't need to worry about licensing fees or proprietary standards.
But if Apple kills the headphone jack, there's a distinct possibility that Square will need to sign up for MFi if it wants to develop a Lightning-compatible Magstripe Reader. None of this is to suggest that Apple might kill Square altogether, but it could hurt Square in the form of increased development costs related to its hardware. Square has long incurred losses on its hardware upfront in an effort to expand its installed base, which in turn grows payments volume. Negative gross margins for hardware sales are simply a necessary evil.

Data source: SEC filings.
The market is evolving, though, and Square will need to keep up. The company recently released a new NFC contactless and chip card reader that it sells for $49, in part to support Apple Pay as well. Square has always given away its Magstripe Readers for free, and charging $49 for the new reader shows that the development wasn't cheap. If Square now needs to consider signing up for MFi and allocating resources to developing a Lightning-compatible reader, we're talking about even more R&D dollars that will continue to weigh on hardware gross margins.
Never look backThe good news is that Square likely has plenty of time to adapt. Even if Apple follows through with making the iPhone 7 the thinnest and lightest iPhone ever made by abandoning the traditional headphone jack, it's not as if the entire mutual customer base will upgrade overnight. Many of Square's small and local merchants will still have the same iPhones that they've always used to process payments.
But if there's anything we know about Apple, it's that once it turns its back on an antiquated technology, it never looks back. All future iPhones would lack the headphone jack, and as newer models infiltrate the market, Square will eventually need to come up out with a new reader. But at what cost?
The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here.
                    
                

                           Market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC) released a new report on wearable devices market share yesterday. The firm has discussed all wearable devices, including fitness trackers and smartwatches. As part of that report, IDC said that even though Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has the highest smart watch sales, its shipment volume still lags behind that of Fitbit.
Strategy Analytics reported in October that Apple had reportedly shipped 4.5 million smartwatches during the third quarter of 2015 (3QFY15), still remaining behind Fitbits 4.7 million shipment volume for the period. With the highest market share and sales, Fitbit clearly remains the dominant player in the wearable tech market. Apple comes second, and Chinese vendor Xiaomi ranks third in the market.
Apparently, Fitbit leads the wearable tech market with its low prices. Fitbit fitness trackers are typically priced within a $100-180 range, comparatively much lower than that of other vendors. However, it is still higher than that of Xiaomi; at $80, Xiaomi is currently offering the cheapest fitness trackers. Considering this, the Chinese giants 815% year-over-year (YoY) increase in shipments does not seem astounding. As for Apple, at a base price of $350, it has seemingly benefited the most, given that it managed to capture an 18.6% market share within only a year since it launched the Apple Watch.

IDC also stated that while Samsung, Pebble, Motorola, and Apple have led to an increase in smartwatch sales, this has not caused a decrease in fitness tracker sales. As shipments for both categories of wearable devices increased quarter-over-quarter (QoQ) as well as YoY, it shows that both categories can co-exist. This also benefits consumers, as they have more choice: from simple fitness gadgets to full-fledged smartphone-type experience.
According to the report, Apples smartwatch shipments increased sequentially due to growth in other markets including China and India. It also said that consumers were more inclined towards the Apple Watch Sport, as it was the cheapest variant. As a result, the tech giant launched Gold and Rose Gold versions for the Sport lineup. It also released the watchOS 2, which now provides support for third-party applications.
Fitbit Inc. (NYSE:FIT) currently leads the wearables market with a 22.6% share. Its Fitbit Charge and Fitbit Surge models were the highest-selling ones over the year. The San Francisco-based company has also made great strides in the corporate sector. More than 70 Fortune 500 companies, including the likes of Time Warner, Bank of America, and Target have ordered Fitbit devices for their employees. Target alone has ordered 335,000 fitness trackers from Fitbit.
Since the report covers both smartwatches and fitness trackers, it is hard to figure out Apples precise position the wearables market. However, IDC is reportedly working on a new report that will categorize wearables separately from smartwatches, giving readers a better idea of which company stands where. For now, it seems likely that Apple will continue playing second-fiddle to Fitbit in the wearable tech market.                        

														Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD)released its completely reimagined graphics software suite, Radeon Software Crimson Edition, giving users an exceptional new user experience, 12 new or enhanced features, up to 20 percent more graphics performance1, adjustability that can nearly double generational energy efficiency2, and rock-solid stability across the full spectrum of AMD graphics products. The release is the first from the Radeon Technologies Group, which recently announced a renewed focus on software placing it on par with hardware initiatives.
As the primary way that people interact with our products, our software deserves to be viewed as a top priority, and going forward thats exactly what were doing, delivering easy-to-use software that is packed with real user benefits, starting with Radeon Software Crimson Edition, said Raja Koduri, senior vice president and chief architect, Radeon Technologies Group. Radeon Technologies Group is laser-focused on the vertical integration of all things graphics, propelling the industry forward by driving performance per watt, creating innovative technologies and ensuring that the software supporting our GPUs is world class.
Radeon Software Crimson Edition includes:

Radeon Settings  A new, streamlined user interface: Engineered to get the best performance on AMD graphics hardware, the user-friendly and feature-rich Radeon Settings is lightning fast, starting up 10 times faster3 and initializing displays three times faster4 than the AMD Catalyst driver. It also offers more intuitive navigation, a new game manager, new overdrive, and new video, display and AMD Eyefinity technology sections letting users easily apply game settings, adjust performance settings, and apply various features and configurations to their computing experience.
12 new or enhanced features: A wide range of new and augmented capabilities help ensure that users enjoy the best experience possible across gaming, video and productivity applications.
Supercharged performance and energy efficiency: Radeon Software Crimson Edition enables up to 33 percent faster game load times5, up to 20 percent more game performance1, and up to 1.8 times more energy efficiency capability2 than its predecessor which can increase system performance-per-watt by as much as 23 percent.6
First public support of AMD LiquidVR technology: GCNs Asynchronous Compute Engine helps to dramatically improve frames per second (FPS), responsiveness and latency in Virtual Reality applications for an exceptionally smooth gaming experience on all GCN-based hardware.
Seamless stability: With twice the number of test cases across 15 percent more system configurations than AMD Catalyst Omega, and the implementation of a huge number of community-driven requests, Radeon Software Crimson Edition delivers exceptional stability across a range of experiences.(Original Source)

Shares of Advanced Micro Devices closed yesterday at $2.21, down $0.01 or0.23%. AMD has a 1-year high of $3.37 and a 1-year low of $1.61. The stocks 50-day moving average is $2.06 and its 200-day moving average is $2.05.
On the ratings front, AMDhas been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report issued on October 26, Northland Securities analyst Gus Richard reiterated a Buy rating on AMD, with a price target of $5, which implies an upside of 125.2% from current levels. Separately, on October 16, Canaccord Genuitys Matt Ramsay reiterated a Hold rating on the stock and has a price target of $2.00.
According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Gus Richard and Matt Ramsay have a total average return of 8.8% and -0.4% respectively. Richard has a success rate of 71.2% and is ranked #431 out of 3636 analysts, while Ramsay has a success rate of 54.7% and is ranked #2542.
The street is mostly Neutral on AMD stock. Out of 15 analysts who cover the stock, 9 suggest a Hold rating , 3 suggest a Sell and 3 recommend to Buy the stock. The 12-month average price target assigned to the stock is $2.62, which represents a potential upside of 18.0% from where the stock is currently trading.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc is a semiconductor company with facilities around the world. It operates in two segments: Computing Solutions and Graphics and Visual Solutions.

						

            
            
  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;



  


  



var td_screen_width = document.body.clientWidth;

                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1140 ) {
                        /* large monitors */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
            
	                    if ( td_screen_width >= 1019  && td_screen_width < 1140 ) {
	                        /* landscape tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
	                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
	                    }
	                
                    if ( td_screen_width >= 768  && td_screen_width < 1019 ) {
                        /* portrait tablets */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:120px;height:240px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                
                    if ( td_screen_width < 768 ) {
                        /* Phones */
                        document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="display:inline-block;width:300px;height:250px" data-ad-client="ca-pub-1536693920249743" data-ad-slot="3995162911"></ins>');
                        (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    }
                


  

Wall Street Observer  Large Cap Morning Report
Snapshot
Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL), of the Technology sector was at a price of 37.81 today, marking a change of -2.30%. Oracle Corporation forecasts a earnings per share growth of -7.10% over the next year. Its return on investment is currently 12.20% and its debt to equity is currently 0.87. Oracle Corporation has a market cap of 161245.67 and its gross margin is 79.80%.
Dividend
Oracle Corporation has a dividend yield of 1.59%. Dividend yield is a ratio that indicates how much a company pays out in dividends, relative to its share price. A high dividend yield ratio is considered anything over 5%, while a very high ratio is considered anything over 10%. This ratio is most commonly expressed as a percentage. The dividend yield essentially measures the amount of money an investor is getting from his or her equity position. Typically a safe bet, high dividend stocks are used by more conservative investors who need a lower cash flow.
Volume
Here are the statistics on Oracle Corporations 52-week performance currently. It has a 52 week low of 8.03%, a 52 week high of -17.92%, and a simple moving average of -0.85% over the last 50 days. Its volume is 20319900 with an average volume of 15924.2. Volume is the number of shares traded in either a stock, or an exchange during a set period of time. High activity stocks may mean that something is going on in the company, and are therefore watched more closely by investors. Volume is most simply put, the amount of shares that trade hands.
Price to Earnings
Oracle Corporation has a forward P/E of 13.23 and a P/E of 17.75. The P/E of a company is commonly used when comparing current earnings to forecasted future earnings. For example, if a company forecasts future profitability, the estimated P/E will be lower than the current P/E. P/E is calculated by dividing the market price per share by the expected earnings per share, and also referred to as price-to-earnings. Oracle Corporation has a P/S of 4.23 and a P/G of .

Technical
The technical numbers for Oracle Corporation are as follows: It has a simple moving average 50 of -0.85%, a 52 week high of -17.92%, and a 52 week low of 8.03%. A simple moving average is calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods; then divide the total by that number. Oracle Corporation has a gap of 0.67%.
.gadsense_slot_1{ display: inline-block; width: 300px; height: 250px;}
@media (min-width:500px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 300px; height: 250px; } }
@media (min-width:768px) { .gadsense_slot_1 { width: 336px; height: 280px; } }

 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); 


Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts.. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.

	
	
	
	

        


        






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA): According to 17 Analysts, The short term target price has been estimated at $ 30.35.The target price could deviate by a maximum of $6.57 from the forecast price. In the near term, the target price could hit a high of $40 and a low of $ 13.
Several analysts have commented on the company rating. Canaccord Genuity upgrades its view on NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) according to the research report released by the firm to its investors. The shares have now been rated Buy by the stock experts at the ratings house. Earlier, the shares had a rating of Hold. Canaccord Genuity raises the current price target of $35 per share on NVIDIA Corporation. The rating by the firm was issued on November 16, 2015.
The company shares have rallied 55.13% in the past 52 Weeks. On December 2, 2015 The shares registered one year high of $33.14 and one year low was seen on February 2, 2015 at $18.94. The 50-day moving average is $29.65 and the 200 day moving average is recorded at $23.86. S&P 500 has rallied 0.37% during the last 52-weeks. 






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});



Research firm Zacks has rated NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and has ranked it at 1, indicating that for the short term the shares are a strong buy. 21 Wall Street analysts have given the company an average rating of 2.1. The shares have received a hold rating based on the suggestion from 10 analysts in latest recommendations.  1 market expert has a sell on the stock. Strong buy was given by 10 Wall Street Analysts. 
Shares of NVIDIA Corporation rose by 4.18% in the last five trading days and 14.22% for the last 4 weeks. NVIDIA Corporation is up 46.17% in the last 3-month period. Year-to-Date the stock performance stands at 64.43%.
On a different note, The Company has disclosed insider buying and selling activities to the Securities Exchange,The director of Nvidia Corp, Stevens Mark A sold 200,000 shares at $31.04 on November 23, 2015. The Insider selling transaction had a total value worth of $6,208,000. The Insider information was disclosed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in a Form 4 filing.
NVIDIA Corporation (NVIDIA) is engaged in creating the graphics chips used in personal computers (PCs). The Company operates in three segments: graphics processing unit (GPU) Business, professional solutions business (PSB) and consumer products business (CPB). Its mobile processors are used in cell phones, tablets and auto infotainment systems. Designers use GPUs to create visual effects in movies and create everything from golf clubs to jumbo jets. NVIDIA solutions are based on two technologies: the GPU and the mobile processor. GPUs are the engines of visual computing, the science and art of using computers to understand, create and enhance images. It has three GPU product brands: GeForce, Quadro and Tesla. During the fiscal year ended January 29, 2012 (fiscal 2012), it acquired Icera Inc. In fiscal 2012, it launched Project Maximus. Effective July 29, 2013, NVIDIA Corp acquired Portland Group Inc, a wholesaler of parallel computing software, from STMicroelectronics NV.





        
                        
            
                                            

            SHARE
            
	            Facebook
	            Twitter
	            
	            
            tweet !function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");

    (function(d) {
        var params =
        {
            id: "4cdf9489-8c32-4260-a660-781055398c6d",
            d:  "bmV3c3dhdGNoaW50ZXJuYXRpb25hbC5jb20=",
            wid: "54282",
            cb: (new Date()).getTime()
        };

        var qs=[];
        for(var key in params) qs.push(key+'='+encodeURIComponent(params[key]));
        var s = d.createElement('script');s.type='text/javascript';s.async=true;
        var p = 'https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https' : 'http';
        s.src = p + "://api.content.ad/Scripts/widget2.aspx?" + qs.join('&');
        d.getElementById("contentad54282").appendChild(s);
    })(document);

            Previous articleDow Chemical Company (The) Price Target Update            Hailey PhillippiFor any feedback, suggestions and tips, contact author at [emailprotected]
/* <![CDATA[ */!function(){try{var t="currentScript"in document?document.currentScript:function(){for(var t=document.getElementsByTagName("script"),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute("data-cfhash"))return t[e]}();if(t&&t.previousSibling){var e,r,n,i,c=t.previousSibling,a=c.getAttribute("data-cfemail");if(a){for(e="",r=parseInt(a.substr(0,2),16),n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)i=parseInt(a.substr(n,2),16)^r,e+=String.fromCharCode(i);e=document.createTextNode(e),c.parentNode.replaceChild(e,c)}t.parentNode.removeChild(t);}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */	                

    

														Building on its strategic investments in heterogeneous system architecture (HSA), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD)announced a suite of tools designed to ease development of high-performance, energy efficient heterogeneous computing systems. The Boltzmann Initiative leverages HSAs ability to harness both central processing units (CPU) and AMD FirePro graphics processing units (GPU) for maximum compute efficiency through software. The first results of the initiative are featured this week at SC15 and include the Heterogeneous Compute Compiler (HCC); a headless Linux driver and HSA runtime infrastructure for cluster-class, High Performance Computing (HPC); and the Heterogeneous-compute Interface for Portability (HIP) tool for porting CUDA-based applications to a common C++ programming model. The tools are designed to drive application performance across markets ranging from machine learning to molecular dynamics, and from oil and gas to visual effects and computer-generated imaging.
AMDs Heterogeneous-compute Interface for Portability enables performance portability for the HPC community. The ability to take code that was written for one architecture and transfer it to another architecture without a negative impact on performance is extremely powerful, said Jim Belak, co-lead of the U.S. Department of Energys Exascale Co-design Center in Extreme Materials and senior computational materials scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. The work AMD is doing to produce a high-performance compiler that sits below high-level programming models enables researchers to concentrate on solving problems and publishing groundbreaking research rather than worrying about hardware-specific optimizations. (Original Source)
Shares of Advanced Micro Devices closed last Friday at $1.99. AMD has a 1-year high of $3.37 and a 1-year low of $1.61. The stocks 50-day moving average is $2.00 and its 200-day moving average is $2.06.
On the ratings front, AMD has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report issued on October 26, Northland Securities analyst Gus Richard reiterated a Buy rating on AMD, with a price target of $5, which implies an upside of 151.3% from current levels. Separately, on October 16, Canaccord Genuitys Stephen Lee maintained a Hold rating on the stock and has a price target of $2.
According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Gus Richard and Stephen Lee have a total average return of 8.1% and 6.5% respectively. Richard has a success rate of 62.5% and is ranked #612 out of 3842 analysts, while Lee has a success rate of 50.0% and is ranked #2430.
Overall, 3 research analysts have rated the stock with a Sell rating, 9 research analysts have assigned a Hold rating and 3 research analysts have given a Buy rating to the stock. When considering if perhaps the stock is under or overvalued, the average price target is $2.62 which is 31.7% above where the stock closed last Friday.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc is a semiconductor company with facilities around the world. It operates in two segments: Computing Solutions and Graphics and Visual Solutions.


						

                    On Nov. 5, graphics chip specialist NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) announced impressive financial results, delivering better-than-expected revenue and profit for its fiscal third quarter and guiding to a fiscal fourth quarter that was ahead of analyst consensus at the time. This significant beat was largely driven by better-than-expected sales of its gaming-oriented graphics processors.
Of course, while the numbers in this case spoke for themselves, management offered some interesting insight into the company's business. Here are five points that really stood out to me on the call.
Can NVIDIA rejuvenate its declining Quadro business? NVIDIA reported seeing sales of its professional graphics chips (Quadro products) decline 8% year-over-year. During the call, analyst Ambrish Srivastava asked management for its thoughts on what might lead to the reversal in this decline which, the analyst noted, has been happening for several quarters.
NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang said that the market is "mature," a euphemism for a market/industry that isn't expected to grow by much, if at all, over the long-term. However, Huang was optimistic that NVIDA would be able to take action to "reinvent" the market in order to drive growth over the long-term.
Driving this "reinvention" are two key technologies according to Huang. The first is a technology known as Iray, a NVIDIA-developed rendering engine that can be used with popular professional 3D content creation applications such as 3D Studio Max and Maya.
"I think Iray is going to rejuvenate the way that people do computer graphics," Huang said. "I hope that it will increase the size of the market, make it easier for people to design products, and it will increase our [average selling prices] quite significantly."
Huang is also bullish on virtual reality technology being important in areas such as architectural design, medical imaging, scientific computing, and entertainment, the markets that NVIDIA sells Quadro processors into.
Jen-Husn's view of the competitive dynamics in high end gaming graphics On the call, analyst Deepon Nag asked Huang about his view of the competitive dynamics in the high-end of the graphics processor market next year, particularly vis--vis NVIDIA's longtime rival Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD).
Although Huang made it clear that he respects the capabilities of his competitors, he argues that NVIDIA is fundamentally different from Advanced Micro Devices.
"I think it's also very, very clear that our business and our business model and our strategy is completely different than AMD and the PC graphics chip company we used to be a long time ago," Huang said. "And our company is just on a different trajectory."
Given that NVIDIA's gross profit margins are substantially higher than AMD's and that NVIDIA's revenue in its current fiscal year is expected to exceed AMD's, this is clearly a defensible claim.

NVIDIA has better margins and greater revenue than AMD does. Source: YCharts.
Additionally, although Huang made it clear that NVIDIA remains "alert and paranoid" about any and all competitive threats, he argued that NVIDIA's approaches to building products, selling products, and "engaging the ecosystem" are all markedly different from AMD's.
What's going on with virtual reality? Both NVIDIA and rival Advanced Micro Devices have publicly been very bullish about the opportunity that virtual reality devices present, mainly due to the fact that virtual reality tends to require substantial amounts of graphics horsepower.
Analyst Mark Lipacis noted on the call that NVIDIA's expectations seem to be "fairly low" with respect to the impact that virtual reality applications could have on its business in 2016.
Huang said in no uncertain terms that the company is "over the top excited" about virtual reality and, from a long-term perspective, he thinks that it will be a "powerful growth driver" for the company. However, from a near-term financial perspective, Huang thinks that it's prudent to "wait and see" given that the technology is still so new.
3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable Dies Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click herefor their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think!



                    
                

														Canaccord analysts came out todaywitha fewinsights on thegraphics card giantNVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and semiconductors manufacturing giant Skyworks Solutions Inc (NASDAQ:SWKS), following strong earnings results.

NVIDIA Corporation
Shares of NVIDIAsoared on Fridayafter the companyposted third-quarter earnings resultsandguidance ahead of expectations as gaming continues to grow and PC OEM and Quadro segments stabilize.
In reaction,Canaccord analyst Matt Ramsay reiterated a Hold rating on Nvidia, while raisingthe price target to $30 (from $23),which represents a slight downside potential from current levels.
Ramsay commented: October quarter results crushed our and consensus estimates driven by gaming GPUs and automotive. Overall, we maintain our belief NVIDIAs transformation from a PC-leveraged GPU supplier to a diverse visualcomputing company is nearing completion with growth and overall earnings power now driven by the companys four target growth markets of gaming, enterprise, HPC/ cloud, and automotive. While we have applauded and appreciated the companys transformation, our fundamental thesis has obviously underestimated the strength of key themes driving NVIDIAs strong recent results including augmented/virtual reality, eSports, and automotive display/control, as well as the companys position within these markets.
The analyst continued,Given concerns over the imminent end of Intels royalty payments, potential convertible debt conversions and premium valuation remain, we remain HOLD rated for now; however, we plan a full re-examination of our fundamental thesis and valuation parameters in light of NVIDIAs current business trends.
According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts and bloggers success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Matt Ramsay has a total average return of -0.3% and a 54.5% success rate. Ramsay is ranked #2758 out of 3827 analysts.
Out of the 18analysts polled by TipRanks, 8rate Nvidia Corporation stock a Buy, while 10rate the stock a Hold.With a downside potential of 8.03%, the stocks consensus target price stands at $28.87.

Skyworks Solutions Inc
In a research report issued today,Canaccord analyst Michael Walkleyreiterated a Buy rating on Skyworks Solutionsshares,with a price target of $132,after thecompanyreported better-than-expected results for its fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, and issued guidance ahead of the Streets consensus.
Walkleywrote, Despite some weak trends in September quarter global smartphone sales, we believe Skyworks strong results and guidance were driven by RF content share in the iPhone 6 and Samsungs Galaxy S6 smartphones combined with our belief Skyworks gained at least 15% additional content share in the new iPhone 6S smartphones. We also believe growing sales of higher dollar content integrated solutions to Chinese smartphone OEMs contributed to the strong results and guidance. Also, growing traction in its non-handset broad markets business that grew 20% Y/Y in F2015 helped drive the strong results and margins.
Furthermore, We believe Skyworks broad portfolio of custom integrated solutions should enable dollar content share growth in leading premium tier smartphones from Apple and Samsung and also enable Skyworks to grow content share in the fast growing Chinese LTE smartphone market. We also believe Skyworks diverse analog portfolio positions its broad market division for 20% plus annual growth driven by content share in markets such as 802.11ac, wireless infrastructure, and the IoT market.
According to TipRanks.com, analyst Michael Walkley has a total average return of 17.3% and a 63.5% success rate. Walkley has a 50% average return when recommending SWKS, and is ranked #11 out of 3827 analysts.
						
